{"text": "I am detoxing from alcohol\nI am taking 2.5 mg of diazepam as needed\n Also magnesium and vitamin b supplements. Have been drinking about four beers and some wine for several days. I was wondering if I could take 5htp,  gaba or l glutime to ease symptoms. I am 1000 miles away from home my symptoms are lack of appetite and fatigu", "title": "I am detoxing from alcohol?"}
{"text": "A nurse practitioner decided to change my antidepressants (prozac 20mg) that id been on for 14 years. Gave me Sertraline 50mg and told me to take it the next morning. All was going fine until week 5 when i woke with bad palpitations. I then went ice cold, felt sick and like i needed the toilet urgently. I got up, had what felt like a massive panic attack. I got to the door and passed out smashing my face on floor. Went back to Nurse and said no way I was carrying on with them. She then told me to wean myself off for 2 weeks and go back to prozac. Today i took my 10mg of prozac and have felt awful all day, like i could pass out again. Was always fine on it before, not one side effect in 14 years! Can you please tell me whats likely to be going on here? Im not taking any tomorrow, it\u2019s totally messed up now, I wish she had just left me alone in the first plac", "title": "A nurse practitioner decided to change my antidepressants?"}
{"text": "Hi, I would like your opinion as to whether I might have caused myself an injury to my neck. I have a tick due to which I have, long term and deliberately, been turning my head mainly on its vertical axis (I.e to circle on the axis of my face and of the back of my head); have been doing this increasingly constantly for probably a year and some months. Tonight after doing this, I started feeling a little light-headed or dizzy, the sensation being mainly concentrated around the nape of my neck. I have also noticed very light cracking in my neck if I turn my head. These are not very strong symptoms and may be partly due to fatigue, but I am wondering if I haven\u2019t broken, pinched or otherwise deformed something in the vertebrae around where my neck connects to my skull. Could someone please advise me as to whether I have anything to fear at this point (e.g. eventual paralysis?) I think I can try to control my aforementioned tick (I have already been scared out of doing it tonight) but is there a chance that I have caused serious damage to my upper spinal column, etc? I have no other symptoms to report except for a very light feeling of pressure/strain in the back of the neck and it is only periodic, all the sensations I described are rather light, but am checking just in case. Thanks a lot", "title": "I might have caused myself an injury to my neck?"}
{"text": "Hey, I\u2019m a 20 year old college student who has been struggling with a weird stomach condition for two years. I wake up in the morning with a dry taste in my mouth and my stomach making embarrassing noises. I have went to the doctors numerous times and been prescribed medications such as pepsin for acid reflux, but they don\u2019t work a single bit. After I eat my breakfast in the morning, I feel bloated and my stomach starts to make weird noises again. If I sit down my stomach feels compacted and again makes embarrassing noises. This has forced me to take only online college courses. After I use the restroom, my stomach feels completely empty and makes irritating sounds. It\u2019s as if my stomach hasn\u2019t digested any nutrients from the food I eat! I\u2019ve tried many digestive enzymes as well and they\u2019ve not helped the situation. This stomach condition is starting to effect my personal life, as I avoid hanging around people because of the stomach noises and sour taste in my mouth. I\u2019ve seen so many doctors and they\u2019ve completely overlooked the aspects of digestion and assigned me acid reflux medications. I honestly have felt hopeless with this medical condition. I would be more than grateful to receive medical suggestions about this condition I have. Thank you", "title": "I\u2019ve been struggling with a weird stomach condition for two years?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m almost 62 I was in my garage working on a car a tool fell on floor I got down pick it up i started back up almost standing straight up and lost my balance fell on hy knee maybe a tool. This was last Saturday, never hurt knee, but, hurt left side of leg below knee, thought maybe broke leg, I have no insurance I work for a week pain left that area, but is now going up my leg almost to top. should I be worried of a blood clot This morning my leg was red some  It seems to be okay now, even pain not bad. Was headed for hospital. Should I wait Thank Yo", "title": "Pain is now going up my leg?"}
{"text": "I am a 60 year old woman who has had a great amount of weight loss in the last 7 \u2013 8 weeks I asked my doctor to run blood tests for cancer because t runs in my family it runs in mt family He said he didn\u2019t think it was necessary and blew me off I am extremely weak and I am losing pounds almost by the day what kind of tests should my primary care doctor be running", "title": "I am extremely weak and I am losing pounds almost by the day?"}
{"text": "I am having trouble with nausea and light hotheadedness. It\u2019s not vertigo. I have been to a cardiologist and an ENT in the past week and a half. I was told I had an inner ear infection and was given ABT and flonase at urgent care. I have felt this way for over 2 weeks and nothing has helped. My forehead is slightly \u201cpuffy\u201d above my right eye and the right side of my face is puffy. In the past month I had a tooth removed,  went into Afib and had to go to the hospital, plus the inner ear fluid and infection. I need someone to tell me why this is not getting better. I have no sinus pain, and have used the neti pot, flonase, sinutab and vaporizer. I can\u2019t eat bc of the nausea and lightheadedness. I am not dehydrated, my blood sugar is normal, my blood pressure is normal, I drink 64 oz of fluids a day, help", "title": "I am having trouble with nausea and light headedness?"}
{"text": "I have a pessery and am scheduled for knee replacement. Will the pessery be a problem", "title": "Will the pessery be a problem?"}
{"text": "I have constant constipation, I am 80 yr and have always been regular and have gone several times a day.  I had prostate ca, currently under control, have been on many medications for over 20 yrs.  I do eat a lot of fruit and cereal, balanced meals.  I came down with shingles the last part of April and have been on all the shingles meds and I am still on the steroids. I take laxatives and use Fleet enema when it gets so bad, but even that has stopped working.  I have talked to family dr and get no results.  CA doctor said to take Miralax and it did nothing. I have taken Metamucil, milk and black strap molasses.\nI need to know what I can do to get some relief.  I walk every night around my 2 acres 3 laps to get my exercise. I have been eating a lot of fruit", "title": "I have constant constipation?"}
{"text": "I had a knee operation 13 months ago. Around 3 months ago I fell over a pallet in work and attended the hospital to get my knee checked but there was nothing found.\n2 weeks ago I was on holiday and it suddenly gave in on me, leaving my knee popping and me in pain and my knee swelling. It reduced with a cold compression but after flying and doing normal activities it has swollen again and painful. Any ideas what this could be please", "title": "I had a knee operation 13 months ago?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been on bed rest for about a month with an intractable migraine. For most of it I didn\u2019t get out of bed except to go to the bathroom. At the end of this month I finally went to the ER and got treatment. I\u2019m still recovering from having had a headache for a month, but I\u2019m now trying to move around more. All of my muscles are weak and going from the bed to the bathroom is always a challenge (~15 feet each way). Often times I need to use a transport chair to return. I\u2019m trying to understand what are things I should expect when recovering from bed rest and what are things I can do the expedite the recovery process. How often should I get out of bed? How long can I sit in a chair for at one time? How much can I sit in one day? My legs have been primarily horizontal for the last month. How much walking is too much? When I get back in bed sometimes my lower legs and feet feel like they\u2019re buzzing and fluttering. They can be achy and a little hot too. This feeling happens towards the end of the day. I used to work out before this and the feeling is unlike normal soreness from exertion, by a long shot.Age: 2", "title": "I\u2019ve been on bed rest for about a month with an intractable migraine?"}
{"text": "My husband occasionally wakes up with his face a little puffy. It doesn\u2019t stay puffy long.  No redness or no other symptoms   He has no other medical issues. I\u2019m worried.  Could it be a brain tumor?  He doesn\u2019t want to go see the doctor.  He works night time shift.  Been working a lot lately.  doesn\u2019t sleep muc", "title": "My husband occasionally wakes up with his face a little puffy?"}
{"text": "Maybe someone can help me what to do?I had a low risk encounter. No sex, but I was naked and the guy I\u2019ve been with masturbated, and came on my inner leg and vagina. But tired as I was I got up way to late to go to the bathroom, the sperm was alredy dry. I got most likely a little sperm inside my vagina. I know I shouldn\u2019t be worried to much, but what if he got freshly infected and has a high viral load? He\u2019s very rich and girls literally throw themselves at him and I know he\u2019s been with quite some women. He tried to have sex with me without condom and I said no. But I can imagine others would say yes, he\u2019s like crazy rich, makes gifts, is attractive. Also he fingered me and we both did oral. But his teeth and nails hurted me.. could that have caused micro injuries?I went to the ER to get medical advise. A young doctor prescribed me PEP. I guess he wanted to make sure I was safe and maybe he did that also cause he\u2019s not an expert on infects/HIV. But all the side effects coming with PEP, should I really take it for a month? I\u2019m afraid I do more harm than helping myself with it. I took the medication three times so far. Thanks in advance for your responses", "title": "I had a low risk encounter?"}
{"text": "Hi, I have had redness on the my right side of face. It started around the temple maybe 7-8 years ago and has slowly spread. Trying to figure out if it\u2019s seborrheic dermatitis. It\u2019s not flaky, itchy, burning. No symptoms at all really, just redness. Will include pic. ThanksAge:33\nMale\nMedications: Lovastatin, lisinopril, amlodipne\nGeneral Information: I have high blood pressure and cholesterol and take medications for them. No other medical problems", "title": "I have had redness on the my right side of face?"}
{"text": "Hi. I went for a blood test and results came in, haven\u2019t seen my primary care doc yet, but all seems ok except for my ANA result it came in at .27. Does that mean there is a problem? I am really worried about this. Your answer would be appreciated", "title": "My blood test results indicate Positive ANA, what does that result mean exactly?"}
{"text": "I noticed my big toe nail was all bruised looking 6 weeks ago and it doesn\u2019t look to be growing out? Should I be worried? How long will it take? Or should I see a dr? i Do work with specials Ed children and my feet do get stepped on a lot. While I don\u2019t remember and exact time this could have happened, it is very likely it\u2019s just an injury and not a melanoma?!?Age: 36\nFemale\nMedications: N", "title": "I noticed my big toe nail was all bruised looking 6 weeks ago and it doesn\u2019t look to be growing out?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been experiencing a constant pain in/above my first set of top molars.  Sometimes it seems to affect the lower set as well.I initially assumed it was a dental problem but I\u2019ve been to two dentists and they both say everything looks fine and that there\u2019s nothing they can do for \u201cphantom pain\u201d. They suggested a possible sinus issues to I went to a otolaryngologist and he did a scan which showed my maxillary sinuses are clear (and that was the end of it). The pain is constant (at the very least I can feel it) and has been going on for years. It seems to be worse after drinking the night before but alcohol and painkillers don\u2019t stop it, they just make it more tolerable. It\u2019s hard to describe or explain the exact origin of the pain; it stings when I speak and seems to shift when I turn my head. It\u2019s driving me crazy and I don\u2019t know where to go", "title": "I\u2019ve been experiencing a constant pain in/above my first set of top molars?"}
{"text": "I have an overactive bladder and beed to urinate throughout the day and sometimes at night. i am being recommended to try Botox. Can Botox be used to treat an Overactive bladder (OAB)", "title": "Can Botox be used to treat an Overactive bladder (OAB)?"}
{"text": "I want a pill that will make me stay harder for longer without side effects what do you recommend? My wife keeps asking it from me and all I see on line has these crazy side effects ? What do you think I should do about this? What is there to take or do about i", "title": "I want a pill that will make me stay harder for longer?"}
{"text": "How effective is Tarceva for cancer? My doctor prescribed tarceva after a few months of 1st line chemo and second line chemo which now is no longer working. But says tarceva might not do much. Is that right", "title": "How effective is Tarceva for cancer?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nI\u2019m concerned about ED. I\u2019m 51. I am fit but have hypertension that is controlled using 5 mg of bystolic daily. BP generally runs 120/77 but can be higher depending upon stress levels. My most recent physical showed healthy levels of cholesterol and blood sugars. I do however have anxiety issues.Until last Thursday, June 28, I generally woke once or twice each night with strong erections. On Wednesday, June 27, I had sex with my wife that morning  and then masturbated later in the day. I woke up on Thursday with only weak morning erection. I wasn\u2019t too concerned but I noted it. (I have had a fear of ED since turning 50) Friday, I had weak morning erection and that night I had no real libido and when I tried to force the issue, I couldn\u2019t get an erection.I woke up Saturday morning with a moderate erection and was able to achieve 80 or 90 percent hardness and ejaculate. I was still concerned about not being doing so the night before. Sunday morning I awoke with a moderate morning erection and masturbated to 70 or 80 percent without ejaculation.Monday, there was no morning erection, but I was able to get to get myself fairly erect. Tuesday nothing. Wednesday, no morning erection but I could masturbate to about 70 percent. Thursday, no morning erection but I masturbated to about 70-80 and ejaculated. Each of these times the erection deflated fairly quickly once stimulation stopped.Last night, Thursday night, I was able to masturbate to about 80 percent without ejaculation. However, it deflated quickly again. No morning erection today.Throughout all of this, my libido has been subpar and my anxiety has been fairly high. As, I mentioned I have had a fear of ED. This came on so quickly, it has me very concerned. My question for you is, given what I am experiencing, do you think there is a physical cause of this or is it simply my anxiety about erectile dysfunction?Age: 51\nMale\nMedications: bystolic 5 m", "title": "I\u2019m concerned about ED?"}
{"text": "Why do so many suicides fail before the age of 25? Is it easier to die after 25 because the body starts slowing down? Why do so many attempted suicides fail? Is it because people are stupid and they dont know how to do it? Also (seperate question) i have a big obsession with being famous and i will do almost anything to acquire it like pretend i was kidnapped and tell Nine news about it just so im talked about. WHy is it so bad to have that as a goal? to be famous just to be famous. I even wanted to date a guy just because he had a big status. he was a rugby player. Please dont tell me boring shit like see a psychologist. I already have mate. they tell me that i want approval but i want you to tell me why i really wanna be famous? I will do about anything to acquire it. except for killing someone. that goes a bit too far", "title": "Why do so many suicides fail before the age of 25?"}
{"text": "Do I have a rash on my breast or are they glands of some kind? For a few months now, I\u2019ve noticed this pink/red patch just outside of my areola. It doesn\u2019t hurt or bother me in any way. I assumed it was glands. I added a photo of it to another doctor site just to see, and the dermatologist there seemed pretty confident that it was folliculitis and told me to get OTC cream or see my PCP for antibiotics. I\u2019ve used the OTC stuff for 2 days now with no improvement.Age: 24\nFemale\nMedications: Birth contro", "title": "Do I have a rash on my breast or are they glands of some kind?"}
{"text": "I have red spots on only my right lower gum line as seen in the attached photo no pain no bleeding..also at the same side of my tongue some white patches but when I brush my tongue it disappears also no pain but some uncomfortable feeling..I went to a ear nose throat doctor and he said it doesn\u2019t look serious but he couldn\u2019t diagnose it exactly he said it can be an infection and after I went to my dentist he said there are a lot of tooth tartar he removed them changed my toothpaste and toothbrush he gave me an antibiotics and mouthwash and said to come control after a week, sorry I feel so annoyed..could you help me about that..Thanks in advance..Age: 36\nMale\nMedications: Nothin", "title": "I have red spots on only my right lower gum line?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 39yrs old and have 4 children. I have been on my menstrual cycle now for 3wks. It has stayed at a consistent heavy flow the entire time. I\u2019m wearing super tampons and having to change them at least 6 times or more a day. It doesn\u2019t seem to be slowing at all. My normal cycle is 5 to 7 days with the 1st 3 very heavy and then slowing dramatically the last 3. I\u2019m starting to worry. What can I be", "title": "I have been on my menstrual cycle now for 3wks?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m trying to find out if this is a case of Herpes\u2026 I only had one sexual partner my whole life\u2026 It does NOT hurt.. My teeth are not properly aligned and I end up biting the area sometimes\u2026 I end up wanting to lick the area with my tongue..  I always ending up biting my inner lips to the point where a fibroma forms\n(unpublished photo", "title": "I\u2019m trying to find out if this is a case of Herpes?"}
{"text": "i have some edema in my legs. BMI 25.0. BP between 110-120/60-75. HR in the 80ies. Cholesterol 145, triglycerides 40, HDL 57, LDL 75, HbA1C 5.4. All bloodwork WNL except for ApoB of 58 and Lp-PLA2 of 212.27 Can exercise help", "title": "How can I get rid of edema without medications?"}
{"text": "I am a white 52 yo heterosexual male.  Sunday evening (4 nights ago), I was heavily intoxicated and for whatever reason i decided to try and stick a relatively thick dildo in my backside.  There was a condom on it and some lube was used.  After persistently trying I only achieved getting about 1/2 the head in until I realized it just wasn\u2019t happening.  Monday when I got up I was sore.  Remembering what I did, I figured that was normal.  By late that night and Tuesday morning I had developed pain and a hard swelling under the skin directly behind the anus.  Over the last couple days much to my dismay instead of the swelling going down, it has continued to get worse, also increasing the discomfort.  it is very uncomfortable to sit and nearly impossible to work or do much of anything and its been 4 days now.  There is no bleeding and using the toilet hasn\u2019t been a problem, so I\u2019m assuming no damage to the anus itself.  I have been hoping the swelling came from the blunt trauma of trying to put a big peg in a small hole so to say, possibly traumatizing the external sphincter, and will correct itself.  I really don\u2019t want to go to the hospital if I don\u2019t have too, totally embarrassing and also no insurance.  I really need to know if my swelling is normal under these circumstances and how long it may take to correct itself, or if It sounds like I have a more serious problem that definitely needs attention.  Just to restate, the swelling is directly behind the anus under the skin and about an inch wide and a couple inches long extending up the butt crack, and the swelling has continued to grow for 4 days now.  Thank You in advance for any insight anyone can give me", "title": "I had developed pain and a hard swelling under the skin directly behind the anus?"}
{"text": "Hi, I was wondering if you could have a look at my attached file and provide some feedback.I am starting to suspect that I may have some circulatory issues, even though I am slim, non-smoker/non-drinker, do exercise, and was an ex-athlete (middle/long distance runner).Age: 56\nMale\nMedications: Amirol 2", "title": "I am starting to suspect that I may have some circulatory issues?"}
{"text": "Can you suggest a homemade recipe for electrolyte replacement for bowel prep? At home we have sodium chloride, potassium chloride, potassium citrate, calcium citrate/malate, honey, sugar, dicalcium malate.\nThe bowel prep is split dose magnesium citrate and bisacodyl.  I\u2019m 74, my eGFR is over 90. Now and then\u2013occasionally\u2013my sodium or chloride my be 1 or 2 points low.  Thanks", "title": "Can you suggest a homemade recipe for electrolyte replacement for bowel prep?"}
{"text": "My daughter belongs to a local health club. In lieu of her monthly fees, she takes home all of the dirty towels and washes them in our home washing machine.  My fear is that any bacteria or anything else that my family could catch from these towels is in our home washing machine.\nIs this safe for my family", "title": "My fear is that any bacteria or anything else that my family could catch from these towels?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been dealing with issues in my left foot for the past 3 weeks, with varying symptoms.  When I wake up I usually feel a stabbing pain between the ball and arch of my foot when pressure is applied (probably 4/10 on the pain scale, but enough to my my mind subconsciously try to limp).  The pain will often disappear if I am seated for 20 minutes or so, and come back after walking for a similar amount of time.  Also, when I wear shoes the pain often subsides and I feel a very uncomfortable feeling on the top of my foot similar to the feeling of swelling\u2026 without any noticeable swelling, which feels as though it builds up in pressure if I don\u2019t relieve it through stretching the top of my foot.  This  bothers me significantly since my job requires me to be on my feet, walking briskly, for 9+ hours a day\u2026 so I either limp rapidly or try my best to ignore it and stretch it when possible.There are periods of time where the issues disappear for unknown reasons while walking.  Taking my shoes/ socks off and sitting also alleviates the issue fairly rapidly till I have to walk for more than 15-20 minutes.  This has made it very difficult to see the doctor, since my foot usually feels better by the time I actually get to see someone\u2026 which I have wasted money on 9+ doctors visits with no results\n.\nI would go more into the history of my issue, but the word limit is restricting\u2026 so I will try to go into it briefly.I had a hairline fracture, about 6 weeks into the healing process I had to walk about 3-4 miles a day for college.  This caused a swollen foot each day which I relieved by elevating it for a couple of hours.  After the semester ended my foot would swell up every time I woke up/ walked on it for 15+ minutes, similar to now.  After 2.5 years of seeing doctors the problem magically disappeared, with no diagnosis/ blood clots/ fractures found in my 9 doctor visits", "title": "I\u2019ve been dealing with issues in my left foot for the past 3 weeks, with varying symptoms?"}
{"text": "Hello. The thing is, when I have sex with my partner, I don\u2019t have orgasms. Most times he takes his time to try to make my climax. I get to that stage, but I\u2019m still dry. Nothing comes out. I\u2019m worried because when most of the ladies online climax, there\u2019s the liquid that comes out of their vaginas. Please can you tell me what to do about it? It\u2019s really making things tense between me and my partne", "title": "When I have sex with my partner, I don\u2019t have orgasms?"}
{"text": "Can scar tissue from a tummy tuck (10 years ago) affect the results of a trans vaginal ultrasound???Will it miss a fetus of about 13-20 weeks old???\nI read that the scar tissue can interfere with the sonic waves.\nIs this trueBlood and urine tests are negative.Age: 45\nFemale\nMedications: Female \u2013 allergie and medium for stomach\nGeneral Information: I had a tt 10 years ago\nI have been feeling movements in my lower abdomen,\nMy belly is a little bloated but if I am pregnant I can\u2019t tell cause of the tt.My periods are irregular\nAnd the last one was very lit", "title": "Can scar tissue from a tummy tuck (10 years ago) affect the results of a transvaginal ultrasound?"}
{"text": "Hello \u2013 my mother (86yo) had 3 of her parathyroids removed a few years ago and is having problems stabilizing.  She is extremely tired and visibly shaky.  She is currently taking 5mg of Calcitrate in the a.m and 5 mg in the p.m.  She also takes 3 Tums a day and 400 mg of Magnesium daily.I have included her test results below.  Her endocrinologist has stated he is satisfied with her calcium levels and there\u2019s no cause for concern.  She is scheduled to get a second opinion on July 16th.  Any information or direction you can provide will be MOST appreciated\u2026thank you for your time. 6.3 pg/mL (Low)\nDate: Jun 09, 2018 10:42 a.m. EDT\nReference Range:18.4 pg/mL \u2013 80.1 pg/m", "title": "My mother (86yo) had 3 of her parathyroids removed a few years ago and is having problems stabilizing?"}
{"text": "Well since I was about 14 years ago I\u2019m now 26 I had these black marks under my penis they do not hurt what so ever or itch.\nI\u2019m just worried about the look as I seen many have a clean penis . I think they are blackheads.Is it because of friction from too much masturbating.Age: 26\nMale\nMedications: Nothin", "title": "I had these black marks under my penis?"}
{"text": "Can Vitamin B12/D3 deficiency or Homocystein imbalance fatigue (abnormal high) cause lack of interest and poor concentration? I am experiencing these symptoms recently and not sure whether it is the case had lab tests done and results show deficiency", "title": "Can Vitamin B12/D3deficiency or Homocystein imbalance cause lack of interest and poor concentration?"}
{"text": "hemoglobin 9.7 is low\ntsh 0.424 is low\nI ad problem with my iron level before, how much do I need to take\nWhat does a low TSH mean\nB12 was 2000, but I was taking to much and has cut back.  I to use Symbcort and rescue inhalers.  The rescue inhaler I might use about 3 times a month.\nMy vitamin d was down to 8.1, it is back up 33.9\nI am taking vitamin d3 4000 a day.  I took 1 pill once a week for 8 weeks 50,000 units.  My test was done at my doctor office, but I have not heard from him.  The vitamin d he did call, the other I have not heard from him", "title": "My problem is no energy, shopping for groceries takes all my energy?"}
{"text": "Is it normal to have a death wish and to be consumed with the idea of death? I seem to look for risky behavior all the time and pay for it in bad health? like example, if i shouldn\u2019t take blood pressure pills because it could lower my blood pressure, it makes it a lot more attractive to do? Its like im attracted to things im not allowed to do. anything that will hurt my heart i will do because i like to see how much my body can actually handle. I dont have unprotected sex though because i am still a virgin \u2013 so i dont risk in that area. i dont want to pregnant but i like risking my health to the brink of death. I\u2019ve had psychiatric help and they all say its apart of my Borderline Personality Disorder. Is that all this obsession is apart of, my disorder", "title": "Is it normal to have a death wish and to be consumed with the idea of death?"}
{"text": "What would happen if a female with a normal thyroid level took 200mcg Synthroid for weight loss? Would it make them go hyperthyroid if your thyroid is in the normal range? ALSO if you took it for a prolong period of time (say 3 months) would it permanently destroy your thyroid? What would happen to them", "title": "What would happen if a female with a normal thyroid level took 200mcg Synthroid for weight loss?"}
{"text": "Hello, my husband is 52 years old. He has been taking amitriptyline 10 mg a day for approx 24 years, approx 3 years ago they increased his dosage to 30 mg a day. (He takes it for migraines). His personality has changed drastically, he has a lack of emotions, wanting to be alone, has recently decided to walk out of our 28 year marriage because he wants to be alone. These are things that are also out of his normal character. I am wondering if amitriptyline could possibly change his behaviour like this making him have next to no emotions, he seems like he just has no desire for anything which is not like him at all. We have always been a happy loving couple up until 3 years ago when he started becoming distant and wanting to be alone. Says he isn\u2019t happy about anything in his life, his job or anything else. Could this be related to the medication? And if so if he went off the medication would we see a change in his personality and within how long. Thanks", "title": "My husband is 52 years old. He has been taking amitriptyline 10 mg a day for approx 24 years"}
{"text": "I have this tender \u201cbubble\u201d on my anus, is this something I should get checked out? I have some digestive issues so this kind of worries me. It is sore to the touch, I don\u2019t know what it could be. I wanted to check with you guys before I booked a doctors appointment but I imagine that\u2019s what I should do.  To my knowledge it has only appeared in the last couple of dayAge: 21\nMale\nMedications: None\nGeneral Information: Digestive issue", "title": "I have this tender \u201cbubble\u201d on my anus, is this something I should get checked out?"}
{"text": "I had unprotected sex and the next morning I had a couple vaginal sores. I also just finished my antibiotic that morning for strep throat. I\u2019ve heard people say that it takes herpes longer than a few hours to show up so I wasn\u2019t worried. But it\u2019s been a week and the two sores are still there and now there\u2019s another one. I also shaved and got a few ingrown hairs along my pubic line so maybe they\u2019re ingrown hairs? Also was recently exposed to someone with a staph infection. I have an appointment but it\u2019s not for a few days so I was hoping to get an opinion here before\nthen. Thanks!(unpublished photo", "title": "I had unprotected sex and the next morning I had a couple vaginal sores?"}
{"text": "Hi I used Epsom salt in a foot bath a week ago to treat my ingrown toenail. Afterwards I got muscle cramps and numbness in my legs and feet and they have not gone away Do you think that this will go away if I Continue to wait or do I need to see a doctor immediately? is epsom salt safe to use?\nThanks, (\u2014-", "title": "I used Epsom salt in a foot bath a week ago to treat my ingrown toenail?"}
{"text": "Hi, my wife is pregnant in her 6th-7th week.\nToday in the morning, she started feeling pain in her upper arm (left). Now shes claiming that the pain is still there and her upper arm is kind of swollen. Is there a change this has to do with the pregancy? Should we contact a doctor immediately or can it wait till next morning", "title": "Feeling pain in her upper arm (left)"}
{"text": "low grade fever and high bp since January, swollen lymph nodes since march, biopsy negative. ct of head, neck, chest, abdomen, pelvis negative.  bone pain, skin discoloration in areas of pain. stinging skin comes and goes, had left cheek numbness for 1 week about a month ago, no one knows why. recent bloodwork show ldh of 254 and b12 of 1222. is that anything to be concerned about? all doctors I\u2019ve seen think I\u2019m making up symptoms and dismiss everything", "title": "Low grade fever and high bp since January, swollen lymph nodes since march?"}
{"text": "I have had an increasing level of pain. Localized on the back left side of my head. From the base of my neck rising to the base of the skull. From there it would spike to my eardrum or the upper back (yes) corner of my head. That corner has felt like I was hit with a club, very sore for a couple of weeks and has grown in size, (no swelling or visible redness).  There has been some swelling all around the area which I have used ice and heat and that helped. My throat has a muscle soreness about half/center also has been difficult to swallow. The VA helps me and I am very grateful. Today they found a redness around the left eardrum and a little dampness on the drum. I was given an antibiotic for 7 days. I have taken 2 so far. In the last few hours the eardrum pain seems to have subsided but the pain on my head has grown. The area has grown in size to about 3\u2033 and seems to be the scalp only. No other relief from pain is noticed. I am 65 and worked physically all my days so my back and all of my joints ach. W", "title": "I have had an increasing level of pain. Localized on the back left side of my head?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 35 male And I don\u2019t take any meds I was wearing adult diapers to keep my bed dry a couple of nights ago the diaper was dry till I Sat up then with out knowing I would pee in with out knowing that happen for three night before I could make it to the bathroom my question is that normal and should i be concern and should i start to wear them during day", "title": "I was wearing adult diapers to keep my bed dry?"}
{"text": "what happens when you lose sensation to have bowel movement  i did because for two month i was  fore my self to pass what can they do fix the problem sometime think i did same to anal if i surgery can that fix problem with out for a bag because i am idot for do this t", "title": "What happens when you lose sensation to have bowel movement?"}
{"text": "My toe has tuned black, what is wrong? I noticed 2 days ago that my toe became swollen and changed color to darker brown black. Now it is black. What should I do", "title": "My toe has turned black, what is wrong?"}
{"text": "A hooker performed unprotected oral sex on me. We  put a condom on and had sex.  The next morning the shaft of my penis stings and burns. It has subsided a significant amount but still stings and burns 12 days past the exposure. I had a complete STD test panel completed two days ago- five days after exposure. Everything came back negative. There are no clear symptoms no blisters , no sores, no rash.  The skin does not look red or inflamed any way.  It does not hurt to urinate. Do you have any idea what is causing this? It still stings 12 days after contact.  Many post around net have similar stories indicating this is some unknown virus that has penetrated the skin ( i did have a small nic from shaving in area night before", "title": "A hooker performed unprotected oral sex on me?"}
{"text": "On the night of 9th May, I was busy doing work. I felt like vomiting, but I thought that it was because of the fatigue. I ordered a pasta from outside. I ate a little bit and after 20 minutes, I started vomiting. The vomiting occurred 9 times till the morning, waking up every hour or so to vomit. On the 8th time, the vomiting had blood coming out too. I vomited once more after that but no blood came out. I went to GP, the doctor who gave me a medicine called \u201cCyclizine\u201d, which was so strong. She also asked me to suck ice cubes. Since that day till this moment, I get nausea every day. I do not vomit, but the feeling of nausea is strong, which makes me feel that I want to vomit. I do hear some noise in my stomach when its moving and I keep on bleaching burping a lot. When I burp, I feel like there is something at the top of my stomach that goes up and makes me burp. I do not feel comfortable at all and when I sleep if I sleep on left side, I feel not bad, but if I sleep on right side, it feels worse. I did take from chemist counter something called \u201cPepto-Bismol\u201d and tried \u201cGaviscon\u201d, but did not get better. This is now has been happening for around 5 weeks. Any advice for this nausea?\nJust for your note, I am a 21 years old male", "title": "I felt like vomiting, but I thought that it was because of the fatigue?"}
{"text": "I am a 60-year-old woman suffering from a condition that can be described as shortness of breath associated with high blood pressure (it goes as high as 180+/120 systolic/diastolic). This problem has started about three months ago and it continues with no improvement. The shortness of breath starts when I am standing or walking and I get tired quickly. To my knowledge, I have never suffered from shortness of breath or blood pressure before. It is striking to me that all examinations about heart and lungs as well as test such as ECG, echocardiogram, blood test (complete, thromboses, fats, diabetes), spirometry, X-ray lungs, ultrasound (abdominal, thyroid), EGD of stomach, etc, all give normal results. Doctors do not find an apparent cause and relate my condition to emotional/stress. They prescribed some medication such as (Faverin 100mg and Sedoxil) which did not have any results except for making me feel sleepy all day long. In the last three days I started medication against high blood pressure.Additional observations: I have observed that blood pressure is high when I get shortness of breath, I get tired quickly unless I walk very slowly. I also feel better in fresh places and I cannot stand in a hot or sunny place. I wonder if you could help me with a second opinion and some advice to follow. Thank you", "title": "Suffering from shortness of breath associated with high blood pressure?"}
{"text": "What is a good product to increase libido? I don\u2019t have erection problems, I just have no sex drive. I tried Steel Libido and Steel Libido Red, but they didn\u2019t do anything. I tried looking online, but there are too many ads that say thier product is the best while the other products don\u2019t work. Can you recommend any products that I can get without a prescription", "title": "What is a good product to increase libido?"}
{"text": "My husband woke up with a two puncture wound, 2mm big, that looks like fang marks. We were sleeping in the basement from 8am to 2pm. I do not have any marks on me. His wound does not hurt, is not red, and does not itch. I am worried it is a bat bite, though no one in the house saw a bat. (We also have 4 cats.) We live in Michigan. Urgent care doctor said it seemed to be a spider bite but I feel 2mm is too big for a spider.General Information: No redness. No itchiness. Two puncture holes, 2mm in length. No known bat contact, but worried it is a bat bite. Slept in the basement from 8am-2pm", "title": "My husband woke up with a two puncture wound, 2mm big, that looks like fang marks?"}
{"text": "going to bed at 10:00pm \u2026waking up at 1:00am with chills that last about an hour \u2026try to go back to sleep but my mind races over and over about some random event. When I get up the next morning I have a headache and my whole body feels terribly achy \u2026..painful to even walk around\u2026.ruins the whole day\nThis has been happening once or twice a week for about a month now\u2026..doesn\u2019t happen every night\nand I only get the chills at night\u2026.the last time i thought I was going to vomit but didn\u2019t \u2026the feeling went awa", "title": "Waking up at 1:00am with chills that last about an hour?"}
{"text": "I have a constant pain in my right groin area which radiates to my inner thigh to my knee as a shooting pain. The groin is sensitive when I touch. This pain exists since 3 years. Over the years the pain has increased and extended around my hip and lower back. My kidney, bowel, bladder ,ovaries basically everything was checked ,but they could not find anything. I was only diagnosed with endometriosis at the beginning of these years. On an MRI 3 lymph nodes are visible (actually where the pain is comming from) all are around 10-12mm.\nMy question is that if these lymph nodes (or 1 of them) can cause the pain like pushing a nerve or something? How my groin can be examined to be able to know that the lymph nodes are ok and if any of them causing the pain? Is it possible to see if any of them effected by the endometriosis ? Age: 37\nFemale\nMedications:", "title": "I have a constant pain in my right groin area which radiates to my inner thigh?"}
{"text": "The left side of my body is noticeably larger than the right. Most notably my breast, ribcage, hip and buttocks.  This is very new for me.  I am a drug addict, a recluse, I suffer from edema, and I sleep a considerable amount.  I will sometimes sleep for 48 hours straight and I will wake up to find that I am at least 10 pounds lighter.  My weight fluctuates like crazy, I\u2019m vomiting constantly.,, I need answers, please. (unpublished attachment", "title": "The left side of my body is noticeably larger than the right?"}
{"text": "Hello goodevening doc .I had a serious concerned about my genital So last year  I noticed I had this small dark warts/bumps till today its never getting bigger and its always look the same sized but  I think and im not sure  if it is or not getting multiple times  . Hopefully is not hpv or infection disease ,by the way I had a Hpv vaccine like 2 years ago .can somebody tell me what is this please Doc ?ThanksAge: 26\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I noticed I had this small dark warts/bumps?"}
{"text": "I am leaking semen constantly all day and night and can\u2019t stop, it is a milky colour and water consistency. I noticed it happening two days ago. it is a bit sore on the left side in the pelvis area where leg meats hip beside penis, also it hurts a bit when peeingThank", "title": "I am leaking semen constantly all day and night and can\u2019t stop?"}
{"text": "I have been using the Gynera oral contraceptive pills for more than 2,5 years now.  Just this past weekend I started again with a new pack but someone I have some rather heavy bleeding and some abnormal blood clotting. What could be the cause of the heavy bleeding and clotting", "title": "What could be the cause of the heavy bleeding and clotting?"}
{"text": "So my anus was itchy I\u2019m 23 years old male and I got some mary gold creme and hemorrhoid creme these didn\u2019t work, so I went to the dermatologists, he checked my anus but he couldn\u2019t see anything as he told me, so he prescribed me some cortizonsteroid creme elocom. Now I use this for 2 days now and my anus didn\u2019t get better. I have this irritated sudden itch pinch/electric shock feel that lasts like 2 sec in that 1 sec it gets stronger and stronger then 1 sec it fades\u2026 there is a buildup until it hits max. I don\u2019t know what it is as my dermatologist couldn\u2019t find anything. Even after I shower I still have this it can\u2019t be worm. What to do", "title": "I have this irritated sudden itch that lasts a second?"}
{"text": "Hi docter I was in Thailand  I\u2019m just back home 10 days ago i had a oil massage and silly me it ended in masturbation and ejaculation  I\u2019m worried since then I might have contracted hiv or other stds from this exposure  I\u2019m very worried about  do I need to take a hiv test as I\u2019m in a relationship  with my fiancee  and I wouldn\u2019t  want to give her anything  and even I\u2019m thinking if the customer before if he had something and she had it on her hands then she massage me etc could she give me something  thanks", "title": "I\u2019m worried since then I might have contracted hiv or other stds?"}
{"text": "I have been diagnosed with Sjogrens, Raynauds and radiculopathy.  I\u2019ve had epidural and facet injections in my L4, L5 and S1.  I recently had a ultrasound that showed I had two superficial veins that needed to be closed.  One near my right groin area and one in the the back of my right calf.   It is only in my right leg. My body is inflamed and I feel that I have some other disease not yet diagnosed.  I tried to get a second opinion from a vascular surgeon but where I live they want a referral.  However my insurance does not require a referral.  Should I get a second option or have the procedure done on my vein?  What type of doctor should I see", "title": "I have been diagnosed with Sjogrens, Raynauds and radiculopathy?"}
{"text": "For the past 2 weeks I\u2019ve had painful burning sensation from my ass cheeks near the anus. I\u2019ve tried to put some different hydrocortisone creams on it but it doesn\u2019t help. It mainly bothers me while sitting. Walking around does not effect it. I keep the area very clean. I use a toilet bidet every time that I defecate.\nThank yo", "title": "For the past 2 weeks I\u2019ve had painful burning sensation?"}
{"text": "Is it save to have sex with a pulmonary embolism or should I just stay away from sex all together. I have asked my doctor but can\u2019t seen to get a straight answer from him would you be able to give me the answer to this question I don\u2019t want to chance doing anything that can kill m", "title": "Is it save to have sex with a pulmonary embolism?"}
{"text": "Last week my whole body ached, fatigued, mild abdominal pain, 6-8 bowel movements a day and no appetite. The week prior to that I was on amoxicillin 875 2x day for an infection. Yesterday my lab results showed calcium levels at 10.9 and Intact PTH 7 pg. My doctor says wait a month and get retested.  I did my lay man\u2019s research and from what I can tell there is nothing that will bring down the calcium level other than parathyroid surgery. What have you seen in your practice with elevated calcium? I\u2019m still aching and fatigued but all other symptoms are gone. Also under a LOT of stress", "title": "Last week my whole body ached, fatigued, mild abdominal pain, 6-8 bowel movements a day and no appetite?"}
{"text": "Hello, quick question on health/safety. I recently bought an essential oil scar massager and used it on a newer keloid scar, but I realized only after using it that the massager did not have a safety seal. I contacted the seller, who told me that it should\u2019ve had a safety seal, and that no seal means it was likely used before me. I\u2019m now worried about germs and illness. Is it possible that I just exposed myself to someone\u2019s MRSA or worse? Attached is a photo of the essential oil / metal-based scar massager, for reference", "title": "I recently bought an essential oil scar massager, is it possible that I just exposed myself to someone\u2019s MRSA or worse?"}
{"text": "Hi, I recently had a blister on my middle finger caused by what I thought was eczema, the blister has now become painful and seems to be infected, I used a sterile pin to pop the blister a few days ago. What would you suggest doing? I am going away traveling in 2 weeks and need the best sort of plan of action? Does it look infected? Should I visit a GP?.\n  It has began ever so slightly throbbing and is very painful to touch, I can also semi see a beating of red around the effected area. ThanksAge: 22\nMale\nMedications: Clenbuterol\nGeneral Information: Small rash appeared on rest of hand for a few days and fee", "title": "I recently had a blister on my middle finger caused by what I thought was eczema?"}
{"text": "I am a male, aged 61 yrs old. My height is 1.61 m and weight is 64 kg.  A big size man (tall and fat) accidentally pushed me while I am standing. I didn\u2019t fall. Will my bone be affected by such an impact? Will I lose or decrease my height in such an accident", "title": "Will my bone be affected by such an impact?"}
{"text": "I had a miscarriage on Jan. 2 2018. I found out I was pregnant again! On March 1st. Had my first normal period after miscarriage late night Feb. 2, Was wondering if u could help me with the possible conception dates. Had sex the 7th of Feb. Last day of period. And then again on the 12th and 14th. I\u2019m pretty sure the later dates are the winners but a little concerned just when my ovulation was due to miscarriage. Thank you if u could hel", "title": "I had a miscarriage on Jan. 2 2018?"}
{"text": "I have some butt related questions.\nFirst, Is it just me or does my anus protrude? Could it be rectal prolapse?\nSecond, Is that a skin tag around it? If so, I think I\u2019ll make an appt to remove it. Im very self conscious of both questions.\n Thank you.Age: 22\nFemale\nMedications: Birth contro", "title": "Could it be rectal prolapse?"}
{"text": "I have white spots with pus with a bad rash on my arm. It does itch and a little burn. What is it? What should I do?Age: 45\nMale\nMedications; Non", "title": "I have white spots with pus on my arm?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve got an anal yeast infection , and bad thrush. I have been prescribed a course of  itraconozole for 14 days \u2013 I\u2019ve taken one capsule but I am really scared it will make it worseIs it possible it could make it worse. I took one last night and it is worse this morningI have had candida before \u2013 a severe outbreak 25 years ago when I was prescribed 2 courses of broad spectrum anti-biotics. It\u2019s always been there underlying but now it is back with a vengeancePlease advise, should I go on taking the drug", "title": "I\u2019ve got an anal yeast infection and bad thrush?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had chronic diarrhea for two years since I had hip replacement, started right after I stopped the pain meds. Also took alot of Advil etc before surgery from so much pain. I\u2019ve had C-Diff test, parisite test, colona guard . I\u2019ve done the brat diet, fodmap diet, no grains, no dairy, stopped nascort, stopped benadryl, I take only levothyroxine 100MCG, Colon probio. I really believe I need to heal my colo", "title": "I\u2019ve had chronic diarrhea for two years since I had hip replacement?"}
{"text": "hi I took one percocet on Saturday may 19th and two 5/3.25 hydrocodone on sunday and that\u2019s it. I have a drug test on Wednesday morning. I have been drinking water and cranberry juice since last night. we it still show up?  I applying at (\u2014) for a (\u2014) job. will it be a 5 panel test. will codeine show the same as hydrocodon", "title": "Will percocet and hydrocodone show up on a 5 panel test?"}
{"text": "I have a line that has formed on my forehead due to wearing a tight wave cap too long and it won\u2019t go away. It has now formed tiny zits or bumps on it. I don\u2019t know how to get rid of it. I have tried to apply medical cream and cocoa butter on it, but it seems to not do anything for it. It is very noticeable and I would like to get rid of it immediately.Age: 22\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a line that has formed on my forehead due to wearing a tight wave cap?"}
{"text": "I am preparing to have bariatric surgery. Some recent blood work came back showing low phosphate levels and slightly elevated alkaline phosphatase levels. I\u2019m wondering what this could mean for my surgery? Could it potentially cause a delay? I am concerned about a delay in the process or possibly stopping  the process altogetherAge: 32\nMedications: Celexa, abilify, Wellbutrin, salbutamol inhale", "title": "I am preparing to have bariatric surgery?"}
{"text": "i am a 47 year old female suffering from acute lower back pain following a bad fall I had a year ago. i can lo longer appreciate ordinary activities because of the pain I have. I have been recommended surgery. Would lower back surgery allow me to have normal activities", "title": "Would lower back surgery allow me to have normal activities?"}
{"text": "Hi there, is this an erupted cold sore or a pimple? This is directly after I popped it and blood and pus came out on the corner of the lip. I occasionally have these single bumps on the lip in isolation and would like to know which of the two it is.Age: 23\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Is this an erupted cold sore or a pimple?"}
{"text": "He is a 73 years old man who has been diagnosed with Diabetes type 2 10 years ago. He also suffers from hyper tension, gout, neuropathy, slight renal failure and had a heart attack 8 years ago and underwent a minor procedure of having two stents in the heart. He is on various medications for his illnesses but my question is this. He has been taking the medication Lyrica on and off for six years now. He takes 600 mg every four days and then takes a break because the medication is not good for kidneys. He takes it because of his nerve damage that has been caused by Diabetes but also for his anxiety as the medication is also a mood stabilizer. Unfortunately he feels that he has become addicted to the drug. They work very well when he takes them but once the medication wears off he feels miserable because of the pain he is experiencing and very down. He becomes depressed, tired, inactive and feels aches in his entire body. Without them he cannot function. Its very hard for my dad to not take the drug because he feels very bad but at the same time he is concerned that he is so reliant on them. Is there an alternative drug/medication that he can take for his nerve pain and depression that aren\u2019t addictive or have so many serious side effects as Lyrica? Also is it okay for my dad to take the drug daily from 300-600 mg without it further damaging his already worsen renal failure? Is it dangerous for the heart and how can one wean off the drug without experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms", "title": "Is there an alternative drug/medication for nerve pain and depression for my father that aren\u2019t addictive?"}
{"text": "I recently started working for a wood flooring company about 3 month now. I was asked to help a guy that was dumping a bucket of lacquer thinner. I did not have my respirator and head to breathe the thick fumes for 60 seconds. Afterwards I had I headache and felt a bit off. The wood finisher brand  we use Glitsa was banned in California. Googled it and I\u2019m FREAKING OUT lacquer thinner and other chemicals can cause damage to the Brain, Lung, Kidney + birth defects and cancer. This is supposedly long term exposure. But it seems to me that 1 time exposure could cause irreversible Brain damage. I need to know the true do chemicals headache, mean you are killing  Brain sales  or is that a math. If you were slowly killing  Brain sales you may not even notice until it was obvious. This week i FELT AS IF I can\u2019t concentrate or think as clearly. More concerning  my left eye has be blurry like I have been staring at a bright light. Blotchy like I went form a dark room in the sunlight and aching. It may be unrelated butt its never happen before this all start roughly 4 day ago. How dangerous are there chemical. Thank", "title": "I need to know if lacquer thinner (Glitsa) destroys brain cells?"}
{"text": "I am 45 female . I have sinus. Infections a lot and allergies. Had two sinus surgeries. Feel infection coming on now. I also have acid reflux. I take klonipin Effexor Prilosec Zyrtec and on antibiotics often. I do smoke . But my question is I do get oral thrush from using Flonase sometimes. I can see white spots on my uvula . Now I have a red uvula and don\u2019t know if coming from antibiotics. Or sinus dripping or acid reflux or thrush. Constant tickle and cough in throat and itchy ears inside and blocked ears . Do you think it\u2019s thrush coming from augmentin or from allergies or sinuses or acid reflux. Sinuses bad right now and allergies and reflux. ?????? I\u2019ve been taking thrush pills Incase . Lozenges has from doctor before . And also take probiotic between the antibiotics during da", "title": "I have sinus. Infections a lot and allergies. Had two sinus surgeries?"}
{"text": "I fell when running up the stairs six days ago. I caught myself on the edge of a table with the inside of my upper right arm. It bruised massively with a large bump. Bruising is healing nicely more yellow and pinkish splotches now but a golf ball sized knot remains on the inner upper arm. Will this reduce in time or do I need to have it checked", "title": "I fell when running up the stairs six days ago?"}
{"text": "I am a 26 year old old woman. have had headaches for the past 2 days that seem to shift frequently in positions.Now I feel sharp pain above my eyebrows at some points.Right now it is the left eye along with pain when my left eyeball.Ii especially feel when looking at light. hours Earlier it was above my right eyebrow.In addition i feel pain brhind my left eyeball.My lymph nodes hurt when I touch them.Ithink my neck is a bit stiff.this may be as a result of falling off my bicyle 2 weeks ago.I was wearing a helmet but my neck hurt when I turned it sharply for the first few days", "title": "I have had headaches for the past 2 days?"}
{"text": "I contracted chlamydia towards the end of February. I was tested in the first week of march because I presented symptoms(only an constant itchy urethra). I received treatment(it was confirmed that I had chlamydia) on March 13 with one dose of Azithromycin. After 10 days passed and no relief from symptoms, on the 23rd of March I went back to the clinic and I was given a week course of doxycycline. After about 3 days, my symptoms changed from originally having a completely itchy urethra to no more itching but a random irritation in my urethra(the exact place is the portion of the navicular fossa furthest from the urethral opening) within 5 minutes after urination and if I squeeze it, it hurts. Also I developed a heavy burn in my left testicle which I was told by my doctor\u00a0\u00a0is epididymitis. After the week, my symptoms did not alleviate and so I went back to the\u00a0\u00a0clinic and on April 2nd they put me on a 2 weeks course of doxycycline and also metronidazole just in cause I had trichomonias. After the 2 week period the sexual health clinic advised me to see my general practitioner because the chlamydia should be gone.\u00a0\u00a0The gp examined me on April 18th and decided to give me ciprofloxacin which I presume he diagnosed that it is a uti. I had completed the week\u2019s course of it and the pain in my epididymitis has changed from a burn to an achy feeling.\u00a0\u00a0I decided to get myself tested on April 24th at another facility that was not the clinic. During that wait period because of my symptoms I went back to by my gp and they conducted a urine culture which showed nothing abnormal besides the white discharge so they don\u2019t know what the cause is.\u00a0\u00a0I went back to the clinic and they said it should be no way I still have chlamydia but they saw that I had a massive amount of discharge in my penis(which I am assuming came about because I was off of medication) so they gave me another 1g dosage of Azithromycin and also a 4 day dosage of Azithromycin to take over the next 5 days(starting the next day since I had just taken the 1g of Azithromycin). and around 5 days later I had received my results back saying that it is negative for chlamydia which I was excited for but I still had symptoms, the same symptoms I have had for the past month and a half with the addition of lower abdominal pain. I decided to take another test at the clinic because I felt the ciprofloxacin or one of the other medications could have possibly effected the test(I can say that I know this is unlikely because the test searches for DNA and not the organism and if ciprofloxacin still killed it partially(ciprofloxacin isn\u2019t effective in killing it the internet says)\u00a0\u00a0the DNA would still have been there). The test results came back saying equivocal for chlamydia. How could it go from a \u201cnegative\u201d to a \u201cpossibly still there\u201d? The stress I am feeling is immense because it seems as though I will be stuck with chlamydia for the rest of my life. How is this even possible? Any help is greatly appreciated.\u00a0Another thing I failed to mention in the above information is that I was tested for all STD\u2019s the first time I went to the clinic and only chlamydia was present. I was tested again 2 more times for gonorrhea and I was tested for mycoplasma and ureplasma twice as well and they were all negative. Also during this entire ordeal I have not had sex", "title": "I contracted chlamydia towards the end of February. I was tested positive then \u201cnegative\u201d to a positive?"}
{"text": "Every time I pass a stool I have a sharp knife \u2013 like pain on the right side of my anus and then for a few hours after it is a gnawing almost unbearable pain. I get this exact condition every 1 \u2013 2 months and symptoms last about a week, any idea of how I can fix this or what it could be ?Thank", "title": "Every time I pass a stool I have a sharp knife \u2013 like pain on the right side of my anus?"}
{"text": "I have this funny looking rash on my leg and also have fever and chills. I am not sure if fever is related to rash or because I caught a cold but wondering if this is just dermatitis or maybe ringworm. Should I see my doctor?Age: 35\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Is this red rash ringworm or dermatitis?"}
{"text": "My wife is an amputee and has had phantom pain for four days now. She is a very strong woman but she is in tears with the pain.  She is taking Gabopenten but that does not help. She has been putting up with the pain for many years but this time it is lasting longer than it has before, Is there anything she can do to alleviate the pain", "title": "My wife is an amputee and has had phantom pain for four days now?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a 23 year old individual that experiences anxiety. I want to start meditation and had a concern regarding this. From the ages of 10-14 I actually had epilepsy, but then took medication and it went into remission and since then I have not experienced a seizure. I was just wondering, because I have been reading numerous scholarly articles on the effects of meditation on individuals with epilepsy that it can persist seizures. Is it safe to practice meditation if I had a history of epilepsy", "title": "I experience anxiety, I want to start meditation?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m suffering from Multiple Sclerosis (MS). For several years now. I have been speaking to my doctor ablout talking cannabis to help with my MS but my doctor is kind of old school and doesn\u2019t really know about it nor does he kind of believe in it. Just wondering if it can help and is there a particular strain that can be used", "title": "Medical Marijuana: Can cannabis help my Multiple Sclerosis (MS)."}
{"text": "I have these glitch feeling in my head in the temporal lobe area is where i feel it\u2026the sensation happens throughout the day nearly every hour the most ive recorded was 28 times in 1 day. I get dizzy and lightheaded and feel slightly weak.im confused as to why its happening", "title": "I have these glitch feeling in my head in the temporal lobe?"}
{"text": "Hi I need some help,My wife and I had protected sex on the 26th January using a condom, after ejaculation she was \u201cgetting off me\u201d and as she got up the condom slipped off I however pulled it out of her, when I did this the semen leaked on my leg. We didn\u2019t want to take any risks so she took ellaone MAP less than 12 hours later. Approx 8 days after sex we did a pregnancy test which was negative. She usually as her period around the 17th of the month, she was 14 days late and has no other side effects. After some time she finally had per period successfully on 8th March. The MAP really delayed her period.She then had her next period okay in April, However it is now May and her period is 5 days late so far.\nWe have had sex in April but have been very very careful checking each condom after sex to ensure it is intact. Pls can you advise could she be pregnant or can MAP cause future period\u2019s to be irregular? She has no symptoms of pregnanc", "title": "Can Ellaone morning after pill (MAP) cause future period\u2019s to be irregular?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 26 and have a growth on the glans of my penis. They have been present for roughly 5-6 months now, they started small and became but haven\u2019t grown in a few months now. Is this HPV? I\u2019ve only had a handful of sexual partners, so it\u2019s possible.They don\u2019t hurt when I touch them or push on them, but I can feel a mild throbbing pain coming from that area after an erection or after inspecting them (touching them)Age:\nMale\nMedications: none\nNo\nGeneral Information: I\u2019ve noticed some other bumps starting to form on the ridge of my penis glans, they don\u2019t hurt with an erection, only after when I\u2019m flaccid, and the pain is very mild, but noticeable", "title": "I have a growth on the glans of my penis?"}
{"text": "I have diagnosed eustachian tube dysfunction with tinnitus secondary to sinusitis x4 weeks.  I\u2019m on the 12th day of Amoxicillian with two more to go.  I\u2019m also now on Flonase and Zyrtec also.  The allergy and infection systems are mostly gone, but my ears feel full and my hearing is muffled.  When would be the appropriate time to test for fluid in my ears, and possible interconnecting to have them drained.  My doc says this will clear up on its own over time but I\u2019m not so sure.Thank you", "title": "I have diagnosed eustachian tube dysfunction with tinnitus?"}
{"text": "Hello, over the past for days i have noticed a small lump on the left side of my testicle. Its not on the testicle but just to the side. Sometimes it is hard to find when lieing down but can be felt when standing up.   I have also noticed a small ache/ pain in my left side of the groin on the same side of the testicle with the lump. I\u2019m not sure what to do", "title": "I have noticed a small lump on the left side of my testicle?"}
{"text": "My girlfriend is prescribed a small dose of clonazepam for mild anxiety. 25 mg. She has to take a DOT drug screen. She doesn\u2019t want to show her prescription because they want to do a mental health exam to pass her. My Question is will clonazepam show a positive drug screen on the DOT drug screen which i believe is a 5 panel. My friend said it doesnt show up but i would like to hear from a expert to eliminate any doubt in her min", "title": "Will clonazepam show a positive drug screen on the DOT drug screen?"}
{"text": "Over a 24 hour period I took at least 4 paracetemal every 4 hours and some morphine. Felt tired today and need to use loo regularly. I was surprised to wake up today feeling not too bad.I was awake most of the night and continued taking paracetemal.Age: 55\nFemale\nMedications: Morphine, Zopiclone, Mebeverine, Amitriptyline, Asthma inhalers\nNo\nGeneral Information: Suffering from depression.My Dad has cancer & it\u2019s not looking good. I\u2019m distraught. I\u2019m continually made to feel surplus to requirements in helping him by other family members", "title": "Over a 24 hour period I took at least 4 paracetemal every 4 hours?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with trichomoniasis. I\u2019ve only had one partner since I tested negative for STDs after divorce 4 years ago. My partner claims he has only been intimate with me and his ex-wife in the past 20 years, It is highly unlikely that his ex cheated. Is it possible that he and/or his ex had it for 20+ years without knowing it", "title": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with trichomoniasis?"}
{"text": "For the past 2 days I have hands frozen, spine in terrible pain along with pain in shoulder. I have rheumatoid arthritis and it seems my symptoms keep getting worse in the past few weeks. I am on meds but not sure everything is all right", "title": "I have frozen hands, spine pain and shoulder pain?"}
{"text": "Shifted hips running playing soccer . Lost all leg function temporarily . Now I have shooting pain when bending or moving . When I walk certain steps my legs give out.  It takes 10 min to walk to rests room.  Rolling over in bed requires a certain route or it\u2019s noy possible.  I tried ice & heat and Advil . Where should I go and what should I do .  Iv fallen over walking 4 different times in the last 3 hour", "title": "I have shooting pain when bending or moving?"}
{"text": "I am suffering from ovarian cysts, do you think medical marijuana can help with ovarian cysts, either by reducing their size or reducing the pain I get", "title": "Can medical marijuana help with ovarian cysts?"}
{"text": "BUDD CHIARI. Can Budd Chiari be caused by a birth defect that later shows its ugliness as an adult?We we told there is no cause for our diagnosis.  We can not find any medical information to back up this up!Every thing we read says there is a cause and our doctors dont seem to want to test for anythin", "title": "Can Budd Chiari be caused by a birth defect?"}
{"text": "Hello. I suffer from acute depression and I was told that medical marijuana can help me. I have been using Prozac Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRIs) for the past seven years but I really want to be able to stop using this medication. Just wondering what is the procedure I need to follow to obtain a medical card that will allow me to use marijuana for medical treatment for my depression. thanks in advance", "title": "How do I get a Medical Marijuana Card?"}
{"text": "Hello, when I go to the washroom there is blood when passing stools in the toilet bowl. Just wondering what it can be. I have no pain whatsoever", "title": "Blood when passing stools?"}
{"text": "Early this morning at about 3am I experienced a sudden onset of bad left side chest pain which spread down my left arm and a bit in my back. The pain was at it\u2019s worst for about an hour, but stayed to a lesser extent for the rest of the night. There is a family history of heart disease (I have not been genetically tested for the condition yet but will be in the next couple of months) so I went to A&E this morning. They did and ECG which came back normal so they then did a chest X-Ray which also came back looking fine. After this I was told to go home and manage the pain myself. No bloods were taken. Unfortunately the pain hasn\u2019t sopped and I still have it now- it feels almost like a bruising pain that comes and goes. If I breathe in very deeply and hold my breath, the pain gets worse and it sometimes gets worse when I move around or press on my chest. Despite having good ECG and X-Ray results, because the area I am feeling pain in is a potentially serious area I am still quite worried about it. Since bloods and further testing was not done, I am worried something has been missed. I am a 22 year old female.  If the pain still persists for the next few days, how long do you think I should wait before returning to A&E", "title": "I experienced a sudden onset of bad left side chest pain which spread down my left arm?"}
{"text": "For the last 13 months -Started with very sweaty red and hot hands and feet, then i began to have hot flushes, particularly bad when stressed -feels like my body cannot tolerate heat\u2013 i have Dry flushing face and neck but mainly cheeks are the worst symptom -my upper arms flush -Redness on the cheeks is now persistent and is always there even when not flushing, it becomes inflamed simply by washing with water or touching or if body temp rises (Proprananol has made a significant difference in treating this)Loss of blood vessel control\nCheeks are very sensitive and easily inflamed\nFace gets very hot and uncomfortable\nLeaves persistent redness\nWashing face creates flushing\nBending over creates flushing\nExersize creates flushing **Hands and feet feel hot and sweaty and swollen when warm \u2013 Other symptoms \u2013 No stress tolerance\nAnxiety\nPersistent and uncontrollable adrenaline rushesAge: 26\nMale\nMedications: Beta blocker\nNo\nGeneral Information: Symptoms started 2 years ago after doing anabolic steroids for about 4 weeks before deciding it was a bad idea and stopping, i belive i bottomed out my estrogen taking arimidex to counter excess breast tissue. This in turn created a constant anxious feeling which got worse for around 5 months despite having stopped all the other meds.I went to the doctors about this anxiety issue and was prescribed anti depressants, for 4 months i felt back to normal and i was fine, then i started to get the sweaty hands i quit the anti depressants without tapering, the symptoms have then developed into the above and have continued for the last 13 months since quitting anti depressants", "title": "Symptoms started 2 years ago after doing anabolic steroids?"}
{"text": "I have this rash on my hand that seems to be getting worse. it is painful and itchy. I don\u2019t seem to be able to stop scratching it. It showed up like 4 days back. Is this an allergy?Age:52\nMale\nMedications:", "title": "I have this rash on my hand that seems to be getting worse"}
{"text": "I have problems with my heart. Besides from suffering from heart palpitations on a regular base and occasional light hediness, I do have a very slow heart beat at 54 beats per minute sometimes. Other than that I feel fine. I was checked by my primary physician and cardiologist. Blood works, EKG, Holter Monitor, Stress Tests, ECG all done and all normal. But I still have the same palpitation and slow heart beat. What can be causing this.", "title": "Problems with my heart, suffer from heart palpitations, please advise?"}
{"text": "I woke up with a painful lump in my leg. I know I haven\u2019t been drinking enough water and forgot my iron supplement for the last couple days. I just took it now along with some vitamin C and an ibuprofen and lots of water. I\u2019m 29 and a healthy weight. I walk a lot, but that is pretty much my only exercise. Will this go away on its own or should I be concerned", "title": "I woke up with a painful lump in my leg?"}
{"text": "Just wanting to know if my MRI of my neck is anything to be concerned about. I had the MRI yesterday and they gave me a copy of the disk. One image looks a little weird to me but I have no idea was is normal and what isn\u2019t. I haven\u2019t yeah had my follow up appointment with my doctor, so I am hoping someone can explain a little of what I\u2019m looking at. The photo is attachedAge: 44\nFemale\nMedications: Tramodol, lisinopril\nYes\nGeneral Information: I\u2019ve had severe pain in my right arm for several weeks now. It seems to be mostly in my wrist and causing wreaking in my thumb and index finge", "title": "Just wanting to know if my MRI of my neck is anything to be concerned about?"}
{"text": "I need to take a nicotine test for insurance purposes. How long after having stopped smoking can I pass a nicotine test", "title": "I need to take a nicotine test?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve a problem with having to bend forward when I walk not wanting to, but can\u2019t help it. I have been diagnosed with Spinal Stenosis and Arthritis in mu Spine. I have had x-rays and a couple of MRI\u2019s. My doctor sent me to a Neurosurgeon, thinking I might have to have a operation on my back. But, he only told me there was nothing wrong with my spine, except for a narrowing, which starts at the back of my neck and goes down the rest of my back. He told me that he believes my problem has to do with my neck but that would be too serious an operation and he wasn\u2019t sure of the outcome. He told me that because I didn\u2019t have pain in my back or my limbs and had no tingling or numbness in my hands and feet, there was no need for a surgery and he didn\u2019t know what to do for me. He said people with a back problem that needed surgery walked in a shaky way. I told him that I did not have good balance either. What can I do, if doctors don\u2019t know how to help me? I walk bent over and my stomach muscles seem strained and my breathing seems labored with each step I take. This makes me embarrassed because I have to make a groaning sound as I walk along and it makes me very tired. I have to walk this way awhile, than I must sit down a lot to just rest.  What can I do, what can be done for me?  Is there any answer for all of this?  This all started about seven months ago with horrible Spasms coming from my back through to my stomach, or abdomen.  Help, please tell me something! Thank you for whatever answer you can give to me.", "title": "I\u2019ve a problem with having to bend forward when I walk?"}
{"text": "I have a three inch cut on my fore leg which is infected it started off small blister and got bigger and then birst. What is it and what should i use on it. is it a diabetic so should see a doctor. Image attached Note it is not for the faint hearted Thanks (\u2014)Age: 46\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a three inch cut on my fore leg?"}
{"text": "I take 4mg lorazepam at bedtime for insomnia. I forgot my refill and cannot get it until tomorrow. I have a bottle of liquid lorazepam that has been in the fridge, but expiration is 2004. Is it safe to take? I am concerned that is it bad, but really do not know what will happen if I do not get my nightly dose in", "title": "I take 4mg lorazepam at bedtime for insomnia?"}
{"text": "Hi, me and a girl I\u2019ve know for some tine had sex 3 times from April 25th at about 11\u203345PM to 2:00AM on the 26th. I had previously ejaculated around 2PM on the 25th and before we had intercourse, I urinated 3 times and had 2 showers leading up to it because I read that semen can be found in preejaculate (precum) if the man has not urinated. The first time we had sex, I used a condom and never ejaculated but there was precum. The second time, a new condom and same thing. She climaxed a couple times but I did not. We went a third time, and the condom broke. It took me 7-10 seconds to notice and I pulled out immediately. I did not fully ejaculate but there was precum. I then put on a new condom and finished up. She said that her last period was April 2, and claims that she is on a 28 day menstruation cycle but I dont think she actually knows her days. She says her breasts were already feeling tender and that she should going on her period this week. What are the chances that she is pregnant based on the potential time of ovulation, urinating before sex, and switching the condom swiftly. Im really freaking out. Anything would help", "title": "Condom broke, what are the chances that she is pregnant?"}
{"text": "I am a medical student and before 1 month i saw that i have a wart around the anus and today i saw that i had 2 more , so they must have multiplied . I have had anal sex a few times with only one partner and never have had vaginal sex. I want to know if i am at risk of cervical cancer or anal cancer , please help me  I am 21 years old , i know there is no way to cure HPV but mostly it goes away on its own right ? If i had only anal sex how much are the chances for me to get cervical cancer", "title": "How much are the chances for me to get cervical cancer ?"}
{"text": "I am a caregiver to my 85 year old mother who suffers from Polimyalgia Rheumatica, Osteoporosis, Hypertension and a heart murmur. My question is dealing with her blood pressure. She is taking all the medications prescribed (Amlodipine, Losartan, Hydralazine, Isosorbide)  routinely throughout the day and her pressure seems to be okay. In the evening though she starts to get this feeling that she has to vomit and she feels terrible. I took her blood pressure during this time and it was 188/92. She doesn\u2019t eat anything at this time of night and I monitor/restrict any sodium intake throughout the day. Is there something that could be causing this that I could try at my end to resolve these \u201cepisodes\u201d? Thank you in advance for your reply. Sincerely, (\u2014", "title": "My mother suffers from Polimyalgia Rheumatica, Osteoporosis, Hypertension and a heart murmur?"}
{"text": "I Have Multiple Sclerosis and I think I have Listeria from food that I ate A few weeks ago & My Doctor retired without any warning a week ago. I need to know how dangerous this could be and what do you think I should do?\nI saw my dr. on feb 7th with the tail end of a cold I could not get rid of and she gave me a prescription for Amoxicillin 500mg 3 x a day, I got it filled but never used it because I did start feeling better after I saw her.\nI ate some delezza Belgian Custard cream filled Mini Eclairs over a 3 day period \u2013 approx. april 25-28 and on april 4th I started feeling bad a slight fever and diarrhea off and on for a few days (I thought it was just the cold again) but then I started aching all over like someone beat me up and I\u2019ve had a Severe Head Ache that will not go away no matter how many asprin. My Neck is super stiff and my back hurts, I am Salivating a lot because I keep feeling like I am going to throw-up, but never do.\nWhat is funny \u2013 I liked these eclairs that I had eaten before any of this started and my husband was feeling so bad for me \u2013 he said he would get me more & he couldn\u2019t find any. We got online looking to see who had any and saw that they have been recalled because of Listeria. When we looked up all the symptoms, I have most of them, So I started taking the Amoxicillin that my dr. gave me a prescription for (that I hadn\u2019t taken for my cold) I started taking Amoxicillin 500mg 3 x a day on april 18th, But I feel worse \u2013 I keep loosing my balance and I can\u2019t think very clearly. I am just worried because I have MS and I take Ampyra for it, I have low Thyroid and take Synthriod and Losartan Potassium \u2013 Hctz for Blood pressure.\nCould you Please Tell me What to Do?  Many Thanks, (\u2014", "title": "I Have Multiple Sclerosis and I think I have Listeria from food that I ate?"}
{"text": "I have a red mole growing below my shoulder and 4 more smaller ones besides it, do these look like malignant tumours? Noticed them a few weeks back. They don\u2019t hurt or itch. Besides that I feel fine. Do I need to have them removed?Age: 45\nFemale\nMedications: No none", "title": "I have red mole growing below my shoulder, does it look malignant?"}
{"text": "I have stage 4 lung cancer with metastasis in brain and having problems with my vision. I see spots and having problems with speech. Is it the meds? Taking Gefitinib (Iressa) and no longer on chemotherapy", "title": "I have stage 4 cancer and having vision problems?"}
{"text": "Am I pregnant? I had a TV ultrasound on 4/17/18 ordered by a Gastroenterologist along with pelvic and abdominal ultrasounds. I noticed this on the transvaginal, 3 pics shows it\u2026I\u2019m uterus. This was my first visit with the Gastroenterologist. I can\u2019t get her on phone hel", "title": "I had a TV ultrasound along with pelvic and abdominal ultrasounds?"}
{"text": "Hello,I have mostly on the right side pelvic pain though sometimes I feel it on the left. This pain started since I put in Mirena IUD( about 1 year ago) and comes and goes on and off. For few days i have been feeling also burning and tingling pain in lower part of the stomach ( both sides). I have recently ( 1 month ago) had pervic MRI that showed herniated disk at L4/L5 ( lowest part). Recently I have also experienced constipation problems and saw gastroenterologist for it who did  segmentation ( she saw 25cm of my colon but said it looked normal). I also had endoscopy done about 6 month ago and was diagnosed with stomach hernia and acid problem for which I am taking anti-acid medication. I also been experience need to urinate urges but have been diagnosed with over active bladder few years back so its ongoing problem that comes and goes. What bothers me the most now is burning sensation in my lower part of the stomach. Can you please tell me what can it be", "title": "I have mostly on the right side pelvic pain though sometimes I feel it on the left?"}
{"text": "I have this itchy patch of skin on my leg, what is it? It developed about 15 days ago. It is mildy itchy. What can it be?Age: 32\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have this itchy patch of skin on my leg, what is it?"}
{"text": "My father has been diagnosed with colon cancer. They have found a 2.6 cm lesion. Biopsy was done and confirmed cancer. Stage II. Is surgery the only option", "title": "My father has been diagnosed with colon cancer, is surgery the only option?"}
{"text": "It started 4 days ago with the headache, slight heartache, and slight kidney ache. I was shivering, and the body temperature went up to 38.4C. Next day the temperature was about 37.8C, so I went to the doctor. He got me checked but found nothing. Since I had to travel abroad, he prescribed Levofloxacin 500 mg. Today, 2 days after I started taking antibiotic, my body temperature went up to 38.4C again. I am afraid it\u2019s a virus, and antibiotic only makes it worse. May I stop taking it", "title": "It started 4 days ago with the headache, slight heartache, and slight kidney ache?"}
{"text": "I want to start a testosterone replacement therapy. My main concern is the impact to my kidneys.\nOne year ago I was found with a cancer in one of my kidneys. I underwent a partial nephrectomy which succeeded. Now, I have 1 whole kidney and 0.6 of the other. They work properly and I do not have any sign of cancer (whereas I will be doing exams every 6 months for the next 3 years).\nI have to add the whole kidney has 2-3 cysts, but apart from that my kidneys work completely properly.\nMy questions are: Is the use of testosterone toxic for kidneys? Does my condition (apart for the extra burden due to the deficit in volume of kidneys) entail higher risk? Would you suggest the use of testosterone in such a case", "title": "I want to start a testosterone replacement therapy?"}
{"text": "I have noticed the palms of my had turn red on and off for about a month. I am 67 just had a CMP test everything within normal range. The reason I noticed was there is a small nodule under my ring finger that appears to be extending towards the finger. No pain or discomfort at all. My Dr. said she thought it was a cyst, I\u2019ve had many cysts, this does not feel like one, as it is extending to the finger. She said the red palms were probably a circulation, and I take drugs that could be a factor. However, I have been taking the same drugs for 10 years. I do use a lot of prednisone for nasal pollups", "title": "I have noticed the palms of my had turn red on and off for about a month?"}
{"text": "Hello I have had blood tests done as part of routine exam and results show my Cortisol 20, Aldosterone 2.5. i am worried that this may be a sign of some problem. I read on some web sites that this can be serious. Adrenal cancer, Cushing\u2019s syndrome. Should I be worried of these results", "title": "I had blood tests done, worried about results?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve have a bad migraine for 6 days that disappears when eating sugar rich foods, but comes back soon after. I\u2019m experiencing sensitivity to light, throbbing, and headaches. My pupils look small/constricted. What is this? is this a migraine? Could it be a tumor", "title": "I\u2019m experiencing sensitivity to light, throbbing and headache?"}
{"text": "Hi,My sister (42) was diagnosed with rectal cancer.I also had seen maroon red blood in the bowl, and my blood test result came back saying I have anaemia which later was said to be due to my thalassemia trait. I had a colonoscopy done in October, and the scope reached to the ilium. However, I still had hard stool on the left, right and sigmoid colon, so I was asked to do it again. I waited for the appointment which finally arrived with two days notice the day I was going holiday which had to be cancelled. I just received my next appointment in two weeks time. After the colonoscopy, I was assured that although it needs to be done again, they couldn\u2019t see anything. 1. I wanted to ask if thalassemia can be mistaken for iron deficiency anaemia which is one of the signs of colon cancer\n2. I understand you can\u2019t say for sure, but how likely is it that someone can miss cancer due to the hard stool as it would be raised? Also, it entered all the way going past the transverse colon. Please answer in many details as I\u2019m really worried. Are there any other tests I could do faster or to avoid another colonoscopy? Thank you in advanceAge: 38\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "After the colonoscopy, I was assured that although it needs to be done again, they couldn\u2019t see anything?"}
{"text": "When I urinate not much comes out and it burns a lot this just started on Monday afternoon  I\u2019m a 54 year old male and have never had this problem before although I do have a problem going pee a lo at night and sometimes during the day sometimes it comes urgen", "title": "When I urinate not much comes out and it burns a lot?"}
{"text": "My niece has a lump that has started one week ago. Saw ENT specalist and suggested she get a mri under sedation, she is 5 yrs old. Any ideas what it could be? the colour looks nasty. There is a 2 week wait before she can get a mri. Should we be concerned if it gets bigger / spreads in 2 weeks? Age: 5\nFemale\nMedications:", "title": "My niece has a lump that has started one week ago?"}
{"text": "Approximately 1.5 weeks ago I slipped in the shower, and landed in such away as the vertical shower door rim impact my left buttock \u2013 I had substantial pain and bruising and what felt like a hard lump under the skin. The bruising is now quite dark and seems normal, but the hard lump was occasionally painful when sitting \u2018on\u2019 it in certain positions on hard surfaces. Today I sat on an exercise bike and when I began to pedal it felt as if the lump dislodged or tore or moved (I can\u2019t explain it any better than this \u2013 something definitely changed mechanically) and the pain became quite severe \u2013 I couldn\u2019t continue on the cycle, and then walking was also painful. It feels like a burning sensation just under the surface of the skin, exactly at the location of this lump. Even very gentle pressure on the area causes a burning pain. It may be worth noting that the lump is not exactly underneath the bruise but was definitely caused by the same injury. There is also no new bruising in the area. It also does not seem to be muscular at all \u2013 as I mentioned, it feels like it is just under the skin, but also when I tense the muscles in that area there is no pain. I am mostly concerned because I have to fly long distance in 3 days and hope I will be able to cope with over the counter pain medication \u2013 or, does this seem like something I should see a doctor for before I travel", "title": "I had substantial pain and bruising and what felt like a hard lump under the skin?"}
{"text": "I have been having lower left pelvic pain that radiates to my groin, down my upper front thigh, hip and to lower back. It gets severe after my period ends and sometimes around ovulation and can last for days. I had a Plain CT scan without contrast last June  in the ER when I  first had this severe pain. It came back normal. I am worried maybe it missed something ( like  diverticulosis and or diverticulitis. I was wondering if a 3T MRI without contrast would be able to diagnose and or rule out diverticula and diverticulitis? I cannot tolerate the contrasts or dyes as I get nasty adverse reactions to them", "title": "I have been having lower left pelvic pain that radiates to my groin, down my upper front thigh, hip and to lower back?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve just been prescribed Ramipril for high blood pressure based on the fact that I\u2019ve had high BP for a couple of weeks of checking. He says it\u2019s just something that happens as we get older \u2013 I\u2019m 47.I have been regularly taking Phenylephrine for blocked sinuses and related tension headaches, it\u2019s the only over the counter medicine I\u2019ve found to work. But research has shown me that this could be the cause on my high BP, along with Naproxen which I use for my stiff back, due to a fracture many years ago.Is it more likely that if I stop the medicines my BP will normalise rather than treating a symptom of my over-medication\u2026 or is my BP likely unrelated to my meds and due to age as my GP suggests?Many thanks,\n(\u2014", "title": "I\u2019ve just been prescribed Ramipril for high blood pressure?"}
{"text": "I have a twitch in my left thumb-it occasionally moves on it own. My doctor has run CBC blood work and hospital has run bloodwork and all results came back fine. I suffer from anxiety and sometimes depression. Why is my thumb still twitching? Is this a sign of MS, Lupus, or Parkinson\u2019s\u2019", "title": "I have a twitch in my left thumb-it occasionally moves on it own?"}
{"text": "I am 45 and in perimenopause. I no longer have regular periods. My last period was 6 months ago and it only lasted two days. I also have fibroids. Recently I have had a light brown discharge. I have only had the discharge in the morning. Just after I get up and usually nothing for the rest of the day. What causes this", "title": "I am 45 and in perimenopause. I no longer have regular periods?"}
{"text": "Hi, I have had an infection in my finger for About 8 days. I believe that it is paronychia. A few days ago I noticed severe pain in my left underarm, and the following day I began to have flu like symptoms. I have full body aches, fever, and the pain with the finger, as well as swelling. Not really sure if this is something that I can treat at home , or if I need to seek my doctor. Thank you so much", "title": "I have had an infection in my finger for About 8 days?"}
{"text": "age: 24, height: 5\u20195\u2033, weight: 128, gender: Female, meds: N/A, medical issues: none, duration: 6 weeks, hormonal imbalance?So it the strangeness started with a late period. I also started to have nausea, minor headaches, and fatigue. Six days later I get my period although it\u2019s shorter and lighter. The nausea, headache, and fatigue continued. A month passes and over that time I also started to get this pressure/heavy kind of feeling in my uterus, like it was expanding. I\u2019m starting to get a little freaked out because I\u2019ve been feeling strange for a while with little change. I didn\u2019t think it was pregnancy because one unfortunate instance occured a day or two after what I calculated to be when I would have ovulated (although I\u2019d been irregular the 3 months prior). I finally decided to get a $1 test just to make sure and it came out negative. I\u2019m feeling relieved but I still felt strange, something was still wrong. Three days later I start my period, but it\u2019s very strange. Day 1 was pretty normal maybe heavier than normal but in late morning of day 2 I started passing clumps (not like the ones I would normally get at the end of my period, they were larger and looked a little different, like tissue). The first two were pretty normal but they kept coming getting larger and more frequent. Towards the end I had to go to the bathroom every 20 minutes or so to pass 7 cm clumps. There were about 7 clumps in total 4 of them were large, 3 of them were very large about 3\u2033 clumps. I was also cramping very bad. I normally only cramp the first day and if it\u2019s bad enough I\u2019ll take some medicine and I\u2019m usually fine after that. Not the case, even after taking medicine it was still very painful. The clots stopped after 5hrs, I felt completely drained emotionally and physically (my uterus felt bare/empty).  My period continued for 3 more days. The other symptoms I felt over the month subsided after that. What was wrong with me", "title": "I started with a late period. I also started to have nausea, minor headaches, and fatigue"}
{"text": "I want to get a Clearview Test to be done to check for possible HIV. Wondering exactly how long should I wait to get test done and how long does it take to get the results", "title": "When can a Clearview HIV test be done and how fast are results obtained?"}
{"text": "i am a 49 year old non smoker, thin woman.  Recently, I had some episodes of pressure behind my eyes, sudden tiredness followed by eye twitching and twitching on right side of face, This would instantly lead to nausea and feeling the urge to throw up.    The symptoms disappeared, but I went on for an MRI w/o contrast.  I thought I was just really stressed from work.  The MRI results came back today as the following:  There is biparietal atrophy and microvascular changes advances for patients age.   Other differential considerations could include demyelinating type process, vasculitis or lyme disease.\nI had blood work today.    I just need some thoughts please.  I am lined up for MRI w/ contrast and a neurologist visit.   Please help.  The internet is terrifying", "title": "I had some episodes of pressure behind my eyes, sudden tiredness followed by eye twitching and twitching on right side of face?"}
{"text": "Hi. I have recently stopped taking my birth control in hopes of trying to conceive. I had been on the pill for about 8.5 years. I stopped taking my pill at the end of my last packet which was one month ago. I have yet to start my next period. I am unsure what my cycle is like when I\u2019m not on the pill, but I am on day 33 with no period. However, another strange thing is that my last period (while on birth control) was very irregular. It was only two days instead of the usual 4-5 and it wasn\u2019t even enough flow to fill a tampon. I would call it spotting more than anything. I thought that I might be pregnant, but I have taken multiple tests and they all have had a negative result. Should I be concerned that I have not had my period yet and that my last one was so strange", "title": "I am unsure what my cycle is like when I\u2019m not on the pill, but I am on day 33 with no period?"}
{"text": "I was recently told by my Dr that my anemia is a level 9 and put on a iron supplement. Within a few days, the shortness of breath, fatigue etc has dissipated significantly. Could it just be an iron deficiency or should I be more worried? The information on the internet has me completely terrified and worried", "title": "I was recently told by my Dr that my anemia is a level 9 and put on a iron supplement?"}
{"text": "I have a sharp and throbbing pain on the right side of my left toenail. I don\u2019t know if it\u2019s ingrown or not and this is the first time I\u2019ve felt pain from it. Should I get this fixed by a professional? It only just starting hurting last night and it woke me up from my sleep so I took ibuprofen. Since I just took painkillers last night, I don\u2019t know if it has actually gotten any better or not. I can still feel it if I walk normally, but it feels much better than last night. I tried taking action myself last night and cut down my nail as much as I could on the side where the pain was coming from.Age: 21\nMale\nMedications: None\nNo\nGeneral Information: I\u2019ve had no previous problems with either of my toenails in the past. The skin on the right side of my toenail looks somewhat reddened", "title": "I have a sharp and throbbing pain on the right side of my left toenail?"}
{"text": "suspicious lumps and bumps on pubic area, first appeared after i had shaved, but i fear they\u2019ve spread due to shaving which has opened the sores, any idea what they could be? thought they were ingrown hairs at first but now suspicious they\u2019re genital warts, not in any pain etc, just not very nice to look at.Age: 20\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Suspicious lumps and bumps, genital warts?"}
{"text": "This is kind of embarrassing!  This morning, I accidentally sat on a glass picture frame and cracked the glass.  I was just wearing pajamas at the time.  I could see no cuts or blood at all, but my bottom still feels sore.  I applied antibiotic cream to it, but it still hurts.  Could there be tiny pieces of glass embedding that I don\u2019t see, and wouldn\u2019t it cause bleeding?  I don\u2019t know whether to go to my doctor\u2019s office for this or not.  Can you give me some advice", "title": "I may have cut myself, I don\u2019t know whether to go to my doctor\u2019s office for this or not?"}
{"text": "Hi, I thought I felt a lymph node under my left arm about a month ago \u2013 I\u2019ve been checking it routinely and nothing seems to change, as a matter fact I\u2019m not always sure that I even feel it. I\u2019m healthy otherwise, don\u2019t feel pain, no loss of appetite, no weight loss and no fatigue.  My concern is that maybe I had an underlying cancer of some sort that metastasize into my lymph node but was in aware of it. I know this is a big jump to conclusions but that\u2019s what I get for reading online. I do have a physical coming up on the 25th but I\u2019m struggling with worry and wanted another opinion. Would I have signs if it were cancer other than little bit of a swollen lip though? I know this can be caused by other things but it\u2019s been a while and again I can barely feel it . Thank you,", "title": "I had an underlying cancer of some sort that metastasize into my lymph node but was unaware of it?"}
{"text": "I have had frequent bowel movements. 4 within the first hour of waking up.Two were normal and two or looser not watery. No other symptoms but experiencing a great deal of anxiety lately. Happened three times last week and then stopped and again this mornin", "title": "I have had frequent bowel movements?"}
{"text": "Hi. My feet turn bluish (once dark purple) when sitting and back to normal when walking. Look normal in the morning and start getting red and swollen toes when standing. Compression socks help with the blue color but not the redness of toes. On and off pain and burning spots on top of toes \u2013 best guess that skin is sensitive to pressure from other toes and shoes. Mild pins and needles on and off. Toe and foot cramps. When put feet up, feet turn bright red. Also freezing cold spots on random spots on legs. Hands turn red when down, turn normal color when up. Vascular doctor said not Raynaud\u2019s after US exam \u2013 recommended the socks. Fingers getting very cold and hard to warm up. Painful even. Sometimes it hurts to type. Carpal tunnel? I have low blood pressure and have always been easily cold. Dad has varicose veins. Mom has MS. I also get dizzy after exercising, but have been very sedentary due to work and school. This is scaring me and I don\u2019t know which doctor to see. Have a follow-up with vascular doctor for US for veins and a neurologist, but this is getting worse every day", "title": "My feet turn bluish (once dark purple) when sitting and back to normal when walking?"}
{"text": "I have recently experienced dizziness, nausea and difficulty breathing. Last tuesday my head was spinning to the point I had to sit down for a couple of minutes. Generally feeling tired. Even after a good nights sleep. Also suffering from concentration problems, sweating at night, cold hands, feet and headaches. Only medication I take is  and occasionally vitamin D and B. This situation has disturbed my everyday activities and working and I Would appreciate to get some advice how to solve it. Thank you", "title": "Suffering from concentration problems, sweating at night, cold hands, feet and headaches?"}
{"text": "I have what looks like a splinter hemorrhage on my thumbnail, but it runs diagonally. It measures about 2mm by .75mm. I can\u2019t find any pictures online of diagonal lines. I\u2019m wondering if it could still be such a hemorrhage or is likely to be something else.Age: 64\nFemale\nMedications: letrozo", "title": "I have what looks like a splinter hemorrhage on my thumbnail?"}
{"text": "When you look at the glans, do you think this is normal,.. or is something wrong? There is no pain or change to sexual function. It has looked like this for a long time. I appreciate you taking a look; Thank you in advance for any advice you can give!Age:\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "When you look at the glans, do you think this is normal?"}
{"text": "I stay sometimes for 4 days without going and I start suffering from dyspepsia  and pain under my belly button.  And i feel lile i got a big weight in my pelvis I\u2019ve taken a defecography with barium  from anus and I\u2019ve  been diagnosed with  rectal internal prolapse and rectocele.  But is it possible that I can also  have an enterocele and this create a small bowel partial occlusion and prevent feces to arrive to the colon ?  If this is possible can you tell me an exam to ascertain this problem", "title": "I am suffering from dyspepsia and pain under my belly button?"}
{"text": "My boyfriend of almost over 2 years became depressed in October 2017, he continued to tell me he loved me and stuff and it was all cause by him having extremely poor friends who would make him anxious and lonely. He finally got the courage to go to the doctor in March 2018 and the doctor prescribed him citalopram and everything was okay, he got his dose upped from 10mg to 20mg and everything seemed okay but then he suddenly starting getting really bad side effects like severe paranoia and vivid nightmares of people he loves dying due to him. He started telling me he wasn\u2019t good enough for me and never was and I reassured him he was amazing. Then out of the blue last week he just dumped me with no reason, he said he doesn\u2019t know what he\u2019s doing anymore and he\u2019s not himself and doesn\u2019t like it. He still messages me and tells me he still loves me but can\u2019t be with me because he can\u2019t cope with anything and is very paranoid. He wants to change his pills due to how bad they have made him. Are the pills causing these problems or is he just thinking that they are? I don\u2019t really know who to ask and a doctor seems like the best option as they are trained and know what is going o", "title": "Is Citalopram causing these problems?"}
{"text": "I had a baby in nov. 1 week later i had emergency hysterectomy and blood transfusions. 5 weeks later i started ending up in ER every few days same problems: shortness of breath , racing heart ,PVCs , legpain, dizzyness, blurry vision, memory and cognitive problems,faintness, even from the smallest activity. All i could do lay in bed.They all said its only in my head and all doctors kept pushing post partum depression pills. Finally end of january they did an iron panel and that showed extremely low iron levels and ferritin levels. Which meant my body made faulty (small size) red blood cells thta didnt carry enough oxygen in my body after the surgery (for months) . They gave me 2 iron ivs and discharged me . By now (april) blood normalized, but i still have the pvcs, cant really leave the house, brain and eyes didnt improve either. This is not a life .Doctors want to push postpartum depression pills again \u2026 my question is where to go from here? Is the damage permanent? Who can improve my condition? (On brain MRI there are more than 10 spots in white matter that could be caused by hypoxic ischemia) . Thank you for your answer in advanc", "title": "Doctors want to push postpartum depression pills again?"}
{"text": "I need something to eat and understanding my x-rays. I got my image of my cervical lumbar and thoracic regions . I suffer from lower back pain on a daily basis period severe neck pain migraines seldomly numbness and tingling in my extremities. I currently see a chiropractor once or twice a week for an adjustment to relieve pressure. I have issues relaxing and recently have lost the ability to pick up a loaded basket of laundry. I also constantly keep myself moving as if I remain still for long periods of time that\u2019s difficult to standAge:\nFemale\nMedications:", "title": "I suffer from lower back pain on a daily basis period severe neck pain migraines?"}
{"text": "\u2013 My father is 73 years old.\n\u2013 Injured his back in the car on 25/2/18. Suffering severe back pain since then\n\u2013 Did MRI scan on 12/3/18 discovered fracture at T10.\n\u2013 Pain Management specialist suggested for nerve root block and faucet joint injection to relieve pain but no sign of pain relief\n\u2013 2nd opinion from Orthopedic told vertebroplasty is the most ideal treatment for him. Underwent vertebroplasty procedure on 28/3/18.\n\u2013 After a week of vertebroplasty procedure, very little sign of pain relief.\n* Is it normal for pain remains even after 9 days of vertebroplasty procedure ? As we learned from the internet this is a very effective procedure as most patient reported pain was gone within 48 \u2013 72 hours\n* With his condition and treatment, how long would he need for pain to subside ?\n* Any other treatment required to eliminate pain ?Age: 73\nMale\nMedications: Not taking any pain killers at the momen", "title": "Is it normal for pain remains even after 9 days of vertebroplasty procedure?"}
{"text": "I have a tight feeling in my chest and short of breath. I\u2019ve been having pain my chest and left shoulder and upper back as well. Sometimes I feel like I can\u2019t move. And my arms feel weak. I\u2019ve had nausea like I want to be sick all night. I don\u2019t smoke or drink. I\u2019ve had the pain two weeks but the shortness of breath and tightness in chest since yesterday. Thank", "title": "I have a tight feeling in my chest and short of breath?"}
{"text": "I recently had a sexual encounter with a prostitute in (\u2014) about 5 weeks ago. I wore a condom for receiving oral sex off her and during sex but I did give her oral sex.I have been tested at the two week mark and was negative for all STI\u2019s I\u2019m currently waiting on results from a 4 week test.My main concern is a have a red lump on my neck which developed about two weeks ago. It hasn\u2019t gone anyway and barely improved since I initially thought it was a pimple so I tried popping it several times. It leaked clear fluid for a little while and bled a lot when I eventually popped it. Since then I have picked at it a lot but nothing else has came out. It layers itself with dead skin a lot but that\u2019s about it.I am concerned this could be a chancre from what I\u2019ve read online these normally appear where you\u2019ve had unprotected sex and rarely on the face etc. Is it possible to have one on the neck?If so could other people catch it by simply touching it with their hands, arms or another part of their body via no sexual contact at all?The lump is about two inches down from my ear and is completely painless. Slightly raised above the skin and I wouldn\u2019t classify it as an open sore but I am not sure.Thank yo", "title": "I have been tested at the two week mark and was negative for all STI\u2019s  but I have a red lump on my neck?"}
{"text": "I am 26 years old Male.\n240lb 5\u20339 tall.\nI have Anxiety disorder for about 6 yearS bow.\nMostly all the time with Anxiety i have Heart Palpitations like i feel my heart missed a beat or its working very slow and it start working very fast during this i get dizzy all the time palpitations happen mostly when im laying down.For 6 months i was good no heart palpitations they went away,one week agoo i was sleeping and i heart my apartment door someone trying to open and i was scared my heart stopped and i told my self oh gosh now im gonna have heart palpitations again anddd yes now for one week im having heart palpitations i feel dizzy n tired\u2026i had ecg done couple times nothing was find\u2026.is this something danger can i die from it..can i work out even if i have heart palpitations?thank you.\nIm very scared i have heart disease.Age: 26\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have Heart Palpitations like i feel my heart missed a beat or its working very slow?"}
{"text": "This incident happened approximately 7 months ago \u2013 I had sex with a woman who had a bad reputation for sleeping around a lot. I used a condom however the condom broke midway and didn\u2019t realize it until we were done with having sex. When i saw the condom broke i freaked out. I took a bottle ofScotch/whiskey (like an idiot) and washed my penis with it hoping that i wouldn\u2019t catch any diseases. 2 days later my penis was feeling different and got a rash. (either from her or the whisky) I went to the doctor around a week later and i got tested for most common STDs \u2013 All came back negative. The doctor said i have balanitis and he gave me some anti-fungal cream and i did that for a few months and not much of a difference happened, after several months with no change i was prescribed a stronger anti-fungal cream and still no change. After no change, i used a steroid cream (Hydrocortisone 1%) still there is no change.\nMy penis used to be so smooth and pink in color, now the infected area has lost its color and not smooth anymore. I keep it clean all the time, shower everyday washing the penis with warm water even after i urinate.It does not pain, i never had any pain. I did have inflammation on the forskin initially but that is gone. My only problem is the Rash. I have tried multiple products, yet nothing seems to work. The redness tends to get darker at times but the rash is still quite visible. Maybe my doctor made a mistake, is this even balanitis? Will this ever go away ? I have been depressed, i cannot do anything except masterbate. 7 months without sex, i have lost the motivation to go to the gym. I have wasted so much money on various products", "title": "Maybe my doctor made a mistake, is this even balanitis?"}
{"text": "Hi Doc,I have been to a strip pub in London over the weekend there I had a VIP session with on of the strip girl. She gave me a handjob and I fingered her, sucked her breast and sucked her vagina. Not had ant sex and my penis didn\u2019t touch her sperm and not touched her Vagina at all. But since then I am worry about HIV etc. I have a RNA test booked on April 10th but want to get more info before I can have my test done as I cant sleep properly with this fear", "title": "I am worried about HIV etc. I have a RNA test booked?"}
{"text": "Noticed this two dots under palms skin 3 days ago, I am no sexually active, went to get a massage 5 weeks ago and now this appeared, doctor thought its secondary syphilis but I have no ulcer and havent had sex in 2 years. -ve VDRL&TPHA today, no bump in other hand or solesAge: 22\nMale\nMedications: N/", "title": "Doctor thought its secondary syphilis but I have no ulcer?"}
{"text": "yesterday at 1pm the tip of my middle finger was severed off below nail but above first knuckle, no tendons injured. finger was sewed back on within 4 hours but needs to be surgically attached and bone pined together. what is the timeline that this surgery should be preformed b", "title": "My middle finger was severed off, how fast is surgery required?"}
{"text": "for about 3 months now i have been aware of a small round lump near my anus. sometines there is mild pain and discomfort. now and again i experience what i believe is puss coming from the site but i cant say entirely. im looking for advice as to what it may be so i can stop worryingAge: 28\nMale\nMedications: non", "title": "I have been aware of a small round lump near my anus?"}
{"text": "In 2015 I went to the obgyn because I had ulcerations on my vulva. Along with that \u2013 I had a couple of blisters on my lip & a burning sensation in my mouth & could only consume milk for a couple of weeks. The OBGYN did a swab test on the ulcers on my vulva for herpes as well as a blood test. Everything came back negative. I have had nothing similar since. 4 days ago I had oral/vaginal sex. A singular blister appeared on my lip 2 days after. There is nothing abnormal in my genital region. What could be going on?Age: 31\nFemale\nMedications: None\nNo\nGeneral Information: In 2015 the dr felt as if my issue was a complex yeast infection (oral sex, vaginal sex, then oral sex again). I visited the obgyn a month prior due to not having a period for 3 months. Within a span of a month I had the previously described sexual encounter & then started my period \u2013 which is when all my symptoms began. When I went for the swab test I also had 2 endocervical polyps removed that we did not know I had until my exam. Since then I have had no issues even remotely similar other than the removal of another polyp about a year ago. The sexual encounter 4 days ago was the same with the same person as before (oral, vaginal, oral, vaginal). Two days later is when the single blister appeared in the almost corner of my lip. No pain or anything. I\u2019ve been monitoring my private area and there is nothing abnormal in that area thus far which makes me feel like it is isolated to my mouth", "title": "I had a couple of blisters on my lip & a burning sensation in my mouth?"}
{"text": "My son (age 3 years and 8 months) was diagnosed with Purpura Schoenlein Henoch. He started with a fever on 17th of March and did not have any further symptoms, apart from a few spots, until the 20th. Within hours his joints started to swell, he developped a serious rash and oedema on the legs, had trouble walking. Because of the severity of the joint involvement, we were admitted to hospital and discharged the next day. The swelling receded already a day later and my son has been absolutely pain-free and playing normally at home since the 23rd. No medication was required. He is having his urine checked daily, as well as his blood-pressure in weekly intervals, and gladly up to now there is no sign of bowel or renal involvement. He is still getting the occasional spot though (developped several small ones on the knees on Monday, which have since receded, and a moskito bite like one yesterday). He has been told by our paedeatrician that he should \u201crest\u201d for a longer period of time, though I did not quite understand whether this was to prevent further swelling, whether to prevent kidney involvement, or to allow him to recover more generally. I am aware that the symptoms can reoccur but am unsure if there are measures I can take to prevent this, or rather of there are activities that would make renal involvement and a relapse more likely.Please can you tell me more about how I should manage him at home (limitation of physical activity, jumping and running, playing with friends, returning to Kindergarten etc.", "title": "My son (age 3 years and 8 months) was diagnosed with Purpura Schoenlein Henoch?"}
{"text": "I am 38 year old female with adenomyosis. Main symptoms for the past few years have been irregular menstrual cycles. severe lower abdominal cramping and severe lower abdominal enlargement. Progressively getting worse symptom worse over the past few years. However for the past few months the symptoms have increased significantly in particular lower abdominal enlargement and regular cramping too. Is this mid normal for this condition?? Should the cramping and abdominal enlargement be this severe? And how irregular should my cycles be?? Since yesterday cramping has been terrible, and just like a feeling of severe pressure pushing low down. Is there anything I can do for this??Age: 38\nFemale\nMedications: None", "title": "I have severe lower abdominal cramping and severe lower abdominal enlargement?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am 55 and since going through menopause I have become ill to the point of non functioning. I have severe joint pain, exhaustion, high blood pressure, muscle laxity, swollen fluid filled legs, severe constipation, weight gain, headaches, intolerence to certain foods.I know I have been diagnosed with arthritis and cervical spondylosis, torn knee ligaments. I also have hot sweats that are triggered by any form of mild stress such as making a phone call.I was very active before this and am now struggling through each day. Are there any suggestions as to a main cause of all these symptoms or are they unrelated, thank you for your time, (\u2014", "title": "Since going through menopause I have become ill?"}
{"text": "I caught this rhythm on my holter monitor last night. During that time, I felt like my heart was pounding but was kind of empty inside. The \u2018p wave\u2019 was quite delayed or missing\u2026Age: 18\nMedical history: SVT\nMedication: Apo-lorazepam, Lexapro, Apo-risperidon", "title": "I felt like my heart was pounding, the \u2018p wave\u2019 was quite delayed or missing?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor, so I\u2019m about to get married and recently my fianc\u00e9 told me that he has a sweating problem in his hands, feet, and arm pits and he was diagnosed with hyperhydrosis. He has been taking oral medicine but we recently went to a dermatologist to find a long term option. Can the oral medicine that is consumed to treat hyperhydrosis have a great affect on sexual performance? Also, can it affect fertility? Is Hyperhydrosis a genetic disorder and is the gene likely to carry on to offspring", "title": "Is Hyperhydrosis a genetic disorder and is the gene likely to carry on to offspring?"}
{"text": "our 9 years old son have a long-term problems/difficulties when eating, esp. immediately after a meal. We have also observed a permanent hyperactivity, tiredness and other symptoms. 2 months ago we decided to let him check for food allergy. A blood IgE test results showed an allergy on cow milk protein with a value measured 12,6 kIU/L. The medical report marked it as a class III. allergy on milk protein. Unfortunately we have not got any type of related consulting and advice how to follow this findings. Should we absolutely exclude only cow milk or also everything where any kind of milk is included? We also have read this allergy can be dangerous, i.e. sometimes sympthomes can be signifficant and there should be always at disposal an injection. We would appreciate a lot any kind of advise how to proceed and how to keep our boy. Would you recommend also other type of second testing in order to confirm the first results? Is the class III. significant? Can it be developed in the future even higher. Is there a high chance it will be eliminated together with age", "title": "Our 9 years old son have a long-term problems/difficulties when eating?"}
{"text": "My husband and I are currently contemplating going through our second and (final, due to cost), IVF cycle.  I just turned 36 last week and found out in November that I have diminished ovarian reserve after 2 miscarriages, (both trisomies, partial chromosome 9 and complete chromosome 22).  The miscarriages came two years after the uncomplicated and natural conception/birth of our healthy 4 year old daughter when I was 31 years old. At 22 years old and in a previous relationship, I had back to back miscarriages, (8 weeks, then blighted ovum), but after the birth of my daughter assumed everything was fine, until the DOR death sentence I received a few months ago. I spent 3 months supplementing with DHEA and ubiquinol before our first IVF cycle in February. They only retrieved 4 eggs, 3 mature, 2 fertilized, both looked good, transfer on day 3, did not take. My doctor was very rushed in our follow-up consultation as we were his last appointment before leaving for Israel for Passover and won\u2019t be back until next week.  He advised us to do another round asap since the medication will still be in my system and we should capitalize on that. We went ahead and ordered the medicine and are supposed to start all-over again next Monday.  However, I switched careers a few years back and after 2 rounds of grad school am finally working as a high school counselor and teaching 2 social studies classes, it\u2019s my first year. And, if I were a CPA, THIS would be my tax season.  A part of me feels as if I should wait until things are not so stressful, but my clinic doesn\u2019t run another cycle until June, (although, I would then be on summer break).  Which is more beneficial, taking advantage of the medicine still in my system or waiting until I have less stress in my life", "title": "My husband and I are currently contemplating going through our second and IVF cycle"}
{"text": "I am 26, 5 foot 10, and currently my heaviest weight at about 225 pounds. My main complaints currently are chronic fatigue, brain fog, joint pain, throat and lung irritation, weight gain, dizziness, stomach cramping, too frequent bowl movements, and issues with my eyes feeling irritated. I can maybe connect it to getting sick back in 2014. I got a really bad fever, and was throwing up for a few days while I was on a vacation. I never saw a doctor since I was out of town and most symptoms passed quickly. But when I got home, I was teaching at a summer school and I was SO TIRED all summer. I would almost fall asleep during lessons, and I would have to take a couple naps a day. I had really bad joint pain all over, especially in my hands. I think it slowly just got better but it feels like I have never been the same. I am wondering if I got mono and it is still in my system? I have tried going vegan, gluten free, dairy free, doing anti candida diets, and most recently trying to regulate my pcos. Have not seen many results. Recently I am also gaining weight quickly even with changes to my diet and activity. Daily I am taking cinnamon, turmeric, licorice, berberine, chromium picolinate, vitamin B complex, vitamin d3, ashwaganda, Alpha lipolic acid, and a probiotic. Since taking these supplements, I have been getting strong waves of nausea, dizzyness, and stomach cramps in the afternoon. I also had a couple weeks of spotting before my period.\nI really just feel like I am a mess in all these little areas and any advice would be appreciated! I\u2019d love to keep doing things on my own and naturally. But If I were go to a doctor what should I inquire about? What blood work should I possibly have done? Should I invest in a food allergy test", "title": "Chronic fatigue, brain fog, joint pain, throat and lung irritation\u2026?"}
{"text": "i collapsed whilst away my father paid for me to see a doctor they took blood they came back with concerns i was admitted and a bone marrow aspira was done this came back they then said to me i had aml and needed induction treatment i scared so left the hospital and returned home (\u2013) i have not told anyone about this but have had the copies sent thru post of reports are they right in saying i need treatment please docs are enclosed in attachment38\nFemale\ngapathein 300mg 3 times dy amitripaline 10mg night ensures plus drinks niephin gluosophan", "title": "I was told I have AML and need treatment?"}
{"text": "Is this strep throat or pharyngitis? I quit smoking but smoked about 4 last week with a friend out in the cold and I didn\u2019t have a jacket. I also kissed someone who was coughing the day before (stupid I know). I ended up feeling sick on Saturday with a headache, a little nausea and a temp of 99. What do you think it could be? Helppp.Age: 25\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Is this strep throat or pharyngitis?"}
{"text": "i haven\u2019t been diagnosed with herpes i took 2 tests in november and december that were negative because i reaaly thought i have herpes. the test was a vaginal swab.Last had sex in August 2017 and right now im feeling a tingling sensation in my private part. is this what herpes feels lik", "title": "Is this what herpes feels like?"}
{"text": "I have a growth in throat with fever and difficulty swallowing. I have attached a picture. What can this be? Is this serious?Age 21\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a growth in throat what can this be?"}
{"text": "I have nitrites in my urine, what does that mean? I had a urine sample sent to a laboratory and was told they found nitrates. Does that mean there is a problem", "title": "I have nitrites in my urine, what does that mean?"}
{"text": "I am 39 years old. I had a Hysterectomy over 7 years ago. My uterus and all of cervix was removed and ovaries left behind. I had this because of two reasons 1:) major issues with heavy pain and bleeding. Then\u2026 2.) I was do with severe high grade precancerous cells which ended up being the decideibg factor for doc to do the procedure. For well over 6months I have had various issues\u2026 increased urination, abdominal pain and bloating. Severe unintentional  weight loss (30+pounds in 6 months. Nausea, feel full after eating, not much of an appetite. Occasional pain during sex. (Just started) and SEVERE lower back pain that\u2019s comes and goes and length of time it last varies from each episode to on and off a couple hours to several days of constant lower back pain that brings me to tears at times. My question is: could this be ovarian cancer?\nNothing u can tell me that can be any scarier than the internet itself, so please just be completely honest and forth coming", "title": "I had a Hysterectomy over 7 years ago, can it be ovarian cancer?"}
{"text": "I have this spot on my forehead. It\u2019s been there for quite some time. No pain or itch just thinking what it may be. Your opinion would be appreciated. Age: 53\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have this spot on my forehead, what is it?"}
{"text": "I have a lump on the side of my thumb. It has been there more than three months. It looks like a blister ot dead skin. I have tried rubbing it with a pumice stone but that doesn\u2019t work. I went to the chemist in January and they said they didnt know what it was but to try putting pawpaw cream on it to soften it. I tried this and it worked for awhile but the lump is still there.  The lump is sometimes itchy and feels rough.Age: 31\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a lump on the side of my thumb?"}
{"text": "I am 58, female, 5\u20195\u2033, 165 lbs. I take the following medications: levothyroxine\n tizanidine\n metformin\n trandolapril\n simvastatin\n HCTZ\nAdderall\nalprazolam\ncymbalta\nlamictalLast month I had a sleep study to check for sleep apnea. When I went for the follow-up appointment, all the doctor said was that I had mild sleep apnea, and he didn\u2019t think I needed CPAP treatment. He asked if I had any questions, and I didn\u2019t. He did not show me a report or go into any detail.As I was leaving, I asked for a copy of the test results, thinking it would be interesting to see.  The report was very detailed and contained lots of terms and abbreviations that I had to look up.  The first thing I noticed was that REM sleep was only 1.5% N1, N2, & N3 did not fall within the normal range either. The technician noted many RERA. I have suffered from chronic severe major depression for most of my life, so I guess I\u2019m looking to see if any sleep factors could be contributing to it.Skipping over to cardiac summary, I was alarmed to see bradycardia and unclassified tachycardia checked, with highest heart rate 255 bpm. This scares me, because my mother and grandmother had heart problems, and both had pacemakers.If the doctors had shown me the report, I could have asked them about these things. They did not reply to my email. Seems like they would have mentioned the findings. Are they nothing to be concerned about?  I have anxiety disorders also, so maybe I\u2019m worried over nothing.I wrote a detailed letter to my regular doctor,and she did not answer any questions \u2013 just replied, \u201cWill order CPAP titration and pulse rate evaluation.\u201d  I don\u2019t even know what that means. I don\u2019t want a CPAP, I want to know if my brain waves and my heart are ok. Is a pulse rate evaluation going to explain why I had arrhythmias in my sleep?I just want another doctor to look at the test results (attached) and tell me what they think.Thank you so much.Age: 58\nFemal", "title": "I had a sleep study to check for sleep apnea?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI have two blood clotting conditions .\nAntiphospholipid syndrome and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura. I was diagnosed with these conditions approx 10-12 years ago after the birth of my 4th child whom I had a normal birth but ended up having an emergency subtotal hysterectomy due to uterine atony . I had to receive 10 pints of blood to due the enormous amount of blood loss . After the birth I developed a pulmonary embolism on my lung due to surgical stockings not being applied and needing bed rest after the traumatic events after giving birth .\nMy question is could I have acquired any if not both of the blood conditions I have now due to the blood transfusions I received .\nI had never had any blood conditions prior to the massive blood transfusion . Plus no problems in previous pregnancies except an emergency c.s with my first child due to her being in distress", "title": "I have two blood clotting conditions . Antiphospholipid syndrome and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura?"}
{"text": "I have a left fibia weber b fracture. Post op of four weeks for plates so still non-weight bearing. I can stand /sit down nwb.  Sometimes I may have to rest on the floor of a taxi or when sitting on the toilet. I am very anxious post op about not causing any injury. I have not felt pain or swelling since returning home post op. Apart from the 1st couple of day post surgery.I am just seeking re assurance and browsing the web does not help", "title": "I have a left fibia weber b fracture?"}
{"text": "Had low risk exposure to hiv. Had 4 tests \u2013 4th gen 20, 36 and 95 days. Also rna at 26 days. All neg. Have small post.cerv lymph nodes, many dr\u2019s examined and all smaller than 1 cm so they\u2019re not concerned. I had unprotected sex with my wife 16 days after event. My wife had a nose bleed 70 days later in presence of my toddler. My toddler got full body Rash. ive been told i\u2019m conclusively negative but terrified i infected my whole family. Please help. What does ARS rash look like? Dr. said it\u2019s just dry skin but it started on stomach and chest, then moved to back, then arms and thighs. Stomach and chest better now but thighs stronger, so its kind of moving. 12 days now. Since I was told I was conclusive I neevr told pediatrician. does my daughter need to be tested", "title": "Had low risk exposure to hiv?"}
{"text": "My daughters best friend is 22 she is approx. 100lbs overweight, she\u2019s a large farm girl, her breasts alone must account for at least 25% of this excess. She has been having heart rate issues, when sitting her heart rate is 90 if she walks down the street it goes up to 160 this was verified by a halter. She has had a ct scan and they saw no blockages. Her cardiologist has ordered a stress test later this week, but I think she should have a echo cardiogram first to make sure their are no internal cardio problems prior to the stress test. I\u2019m afraid she could have a heart attack if her heart rate is pushed too high. Please advise! thanks (\u2014", "title": "Should you have an echo cardiogram before a cardiac stress test?"}
{"text": "65 year old male former smoker\nbest begin with my language barriers with staff at local Thailand hospital.\ntreated for \u201cbacterial lung infection\u201d determined from blood presumably was pneumonia January 1\n5 days intravenous antibiotic 1 x per day for 5 days + regimen Sudafed,  Ambroxol.\nBreathing difficulty never really seemed to clear.\nRecently sustained \u201cminor cold\u201d about 2 weeks ago that with coughed mucous turning greener returned to hospital.\nThis time prior to reviewing chest x-ray taken doctor had me on nebulizer for 3 vials and perhaps miscommunicated intention of another antibiotic intravenous regime, because the only thing close was one injection of something in my hand.\nI see the doctor again after presumably reviewing the x-ray\nPrescribed Advair 2x per day, Berodual inhaler for any serious breathing difficulty.\n Ambroxol 30 mg tablet 3x daily\nZertec 10 mg 1/ day\nPREDNISOLONE 10 mg. 3x daily, but NO ANTIBIOTIC.\nThis morning coughing not as frequent, but mucous turning greener.\nQuestion does it make sense depleting immune system with active infection and no antibioti", "title": "Does it make sense depleting immune system with active infection and no antibiotic?"}
{"text": "I believe I have ringworm. I have a red circular patch that is scaly. Itchy at times. It has been noticeable for about 4 days. I have been in contact with children in Kenya who I am almost positive have tinea capitis. I have not had ringworm in the past. I am currently taking a daily dose of doxycycline 100mg po for preventative purposes for malaria.Age: 28\nFemale\nMedications: Doxycyclin", "title": "I believe I have ringworm. I have a red circular patch?"}
{"text": "A day after I 1st had sex, I had yeast, UTI and severe itch. Was tested but no STI. During monistat 3, I still had sex (sometimes oral and unprotected) and had cuts, burns and itch. After, everything better but itch outside lingered. Was given Diflucan and Clotrimazole. No help. Miconazole 2% helps me. Partner not treated (claims no symptoms) we use latex lubricated condom. Every time we have sex (oral/vaginal) I itch outside. Is it still yeast & should I use Miconazole", "title": "I had yeast, UTI and severe itch. Was tested but no STI?"}
{"text": "In the last 40 days i have done the following\nI have visited 5 sex workers. 1st \u2013 protected blowjob , protected vaginal sex for a minute as i was scared, kissing , finished with a handjob. 2nd \u2013 protected blowjob , kissing , i fingered the girl, handjob, finished outside. No vaginal and no anal 3rd- protected blowjob , handjob, i sucked her nipples, finished outside. No vaginal no anal 4th- handjob , kissing , cuddling , no vaginal, no anal. 5th- body to body massage, handjob, finish outside. No vaginal , no anal , no kissing.I know i have put myself under risk for sti\u2019s and will be getting tested in a month.My overwhelming fear is did i put myself at risk for HIV I have anxiety and depression which led me to make these decisions and i am taking help. I was tested before these experiences and i was negitive.Should i be worried about hiv ?\nI did not peform oral on any women and did not have vaginal or anal sex.\nMy worry is fingering , handjobs, protected blowjobs, kissing and body rubbing.What have i put myself at risk for ?", "title": "Should I be worried about hiv ?"}
{"text": "I accidentally took a dose of omeprazole. I\u2019m on Lipitor. Will I be ok? I heard that you shouldn\u2019t take the two together. It was just one 20mg dose of omeprazole. I took it this morning at 6. And I have a schedule dose of Lipitor tonight. Can I still take my Lipitor tonight and be ok", "title": "I accidentally took a dose of omeprazole?"}
{"text": "Can shingles affect the gastro intestinal tract? Since a bout of shingles in Dec. 2017, I have experienced lack of hunger, queasy stomach and sometimes stomach pain when ingesting food. When food has been taken, bowels become erratic and sometimes with spontaneous movements. Movements sometimes occur two or three times a day tho little food is eaten. Sometimes bowels appear to contain micous. Movements occur with little or no normal indicators such as stomach growling or gas passing. Occurences sometimes by just standin from a sitting position with no prior need to excrete felt before standing", "title": "Can shingles affect the gastro intestinal tract?"}
{"text": "I experience pain in my right shoulder everytime I raise my arm over my head or put a shirt or coat on. I have been told that glucosamine pills will help and maybe even cure this. Should I use glucosamine? Can I get your opinion on this", "title": "I am experiencing pain in shoulder, should I use glucosamine?"}
{"text": "Had hemorrhoid banding done banding was place too tight and too far up causing complications ulcers and warts prior to surgery no warts or ulcers  3 days after surgery ulcers and warts  no hiv  no  hpv  tested yearly  and before surgery what else causes  anal warts  if negative for std or hi", "title": "What can cause anal warts if STD test negative?"}
{"text": "My result blood test came back and showed high monocytes 19% absolute 0.7. My WBC was 3.7. My GRA 43.2 % Absolute 1.7. Lymphocytes 1.4. 37%. Eoso 2%, Baso 1%, segmental 46% Band 4 % All my other WBC normal and so were my RBC. Just worried by the high monocyte and low wbc. I had my blood test on Tuesday and felt fine, but now have got a weird throat infection and cough", "title": "My result blood test came back and showed high monocytes?"}
{"text": "Hi I am a male person and my age is 55, I exercise every day 1-2 hours, I noticed that like 2-3 months ago I started drinking more and more water than before to the point that I needed to have a bottle of water with me all the time, but it is uncomfortable because I have to go to restroom almost every 2 hours during daytime and wake up like 3-4 times during night time, I noticed that I lost weight too, and muscular mass also because my pants now are very loose, I should be more than happy because maybe the gym is working but those many visits to the restroom is what is getting uncomfortable and getting out of control. is this normal? or what could I do in order not to go so many times to the restroom, I started to drink less water to see what happen, but the sensation is still ther", "title": "What could I do in order not to go so many times to the restroom?"}
{"text": "Hello,  my son is 18 1/2 weeks old. We just got back from family vacation to  South Carolina where he took his first airplane ride. About eight days ago I noticed that  his poop was green and mucousy. After looking online I attributed it to the fact that I have reduced my pumping schedule fairly drastically and perhaps there had become an imbalance between the fore and hindmilk therefore allowing him to get more sugary fore milk and upsetting his stomach. After about three days of green poop his poop changed to yellow and Seedy, however it had and continues to have brownish-black flecks inside. After looking on Google I saw that there could be a sign of blood in the stool. At this moment I do not have  Insurance so a trip to the doctor would mean that I would have to initiate cobra and that would  cost me $1900. As you can imagine I\u2019m trying to avoid that at all cost since I do not have the funds to pay that kind of bill. I\u2019m hoping that I can get an answer as to whether you think from this description and by looking at the photo that I have attached below whether or not this appears to be blood in the stool  and if you think it\u2019s absolutely necessary for me to bring him to his pediatrician. If it appears to be somewhat normal and not a concern I can then wait for two weeks when my insurance will start back up and I will bring him to the pediatrician then. My son has a medical history of hydronephrosis in the kidney however I don\u2019t believe this is connected.  It\u2019s probably also important to note that he only takes breastmilk aside from 2 ounces of formula that I gave him over the course of those past eight days. We did start feeding him oatmeal cereal the past two days however noticed the change in his poop prior to this as well. The picture of the diaper that you see below is from last evening after the oatmeal however we\u2019ve seen the same types of poop diapers prior to us every feeding him oatmeal. Thank you so much for your help!Age: 35\nFemale\nMedications: Sulfame\nNo\nGeneral Information: I am inquiring about my son who takes 1.4 MLs of sulfame as A preventative measure for his hydronephrosi", "title": "My son has a medical history of hydronephrosis in the kidney?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had an std tests. All results come back negative. But I have strange small painless bumps on my penis head. Can anyone tell me what this is please ? They are very small and almost flesh colored. Is this just some bacterial or fungal infection ? I appreciate any help at all", "title": "I have strange small painless bumps on my penis head?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m a 21year old male, and a few months back i took a \u201csex\u201d pill which promised to increase stamina for a week. It worked, and i took it about 2 more times, but since then i have had trouble keeping an erection, as well as recovering after completion. I will attach a picture of the ingredients in the sex pill, please help. I have never had an issue with this prior to after taking this pill.Age: 21\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Can a supplement be dangerous and cause Erectile dysfunction (ED)"}
{"text": "hey Im pretty certain I have the flu and bronchitis to go with or some type of lung infection I\u2019m taking niocitran my question is do I need to go see a doctors to get a prescription for antibiotics or  will the niocitran do its job iv never taken it before as I live in Australia and not sure we even have it there, I\u2019m over sees atm so not sure what to do cheers for the hel", "title": "I have the flu and bronchitis to go with or some type of lung infection?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m 20 years old and I\u2019ve had this place on my tongue for about a year. I first thought it was an ulcer, but never thought anything about it as I pretty much forgot it was there. It has not gotten bigger or caused me any pain. It\u2019s just there. I don\u2019t have any other spots on my tongue at all. I was on prednisone last year for 4 months and got off of it in July. I started hydrochoroquine for an autoimmune disease in February along the steroids. I noticed the place in March or April. I stopped the hydrochloroquine in November because of a seizure. Found out I have epilepsy and am on lamotrogine. My blood has been tested several times so I don\u2019t think it could be cancer or something seriously wrong. I have honestly forgotten to ask my doctor about this place until now. My medical bills are through the roof and I\u2019d rather not go to the doctor for this place on my tongue. If you could please give me an opinion on what I should do for this, I would be thankful. Age: 20\nFemale\nMedications: lamotrogine\nNo\nGeneral Information: No other symptoms. Adult Still\u2019s Disease, Raynaud\u2019s, POTS and Generalized Epileps", "title": "I\u2019ve had this spot on my tongue for about a year?"}
{"text": "Several years ago I had an angiogram, everything was great. for the past 3 and a half years I have had an extreme pain in my groin, that the doctors have not been able to figure out. for the first three years it was so severe that I couldn\u2019t do anything to change the pain. Since January I have had three events where the pain has dropped a little, still extreme though. last night was the last, now if I compress the vein at about the location of the insertion, my pain goes away completely. what should I d", "title": "I have had an extreme pain in my groin, that the doctors have not been able to figure out?"}
{"text": "I have struggled with intermittent pain for years now. Usually deciding that I\u2019m just being a baby and popping a few ibuprofen. (About 800mg five or more times a week, due to pain or headaches) The pain usually begins in/near joints and generally radiates out. So sometimes my whole arm will ache from shoulder to elbow to palm and sometimes it\u2019s my legs and hips. I also have lower back pain. Most of these pains tend to begin at the end of the day. Though I wake up stiff and in pain in the morning for up to a couple hours.\nTwo years ago my jaw, which was sore and stiff sometimes, locked up and wouldn\u2019t relax for months, it was horribly painful and very scary. I noticed my face was very hot, though never looked swollen or red. I was unable to open my mouth farther than halfway. I got some dental work done and worked with a TMJ specialist, who provided me with a very expensive occlusal guard(which did not help over months and months) Eventually my jaw loosened and now it flares up a few times a month, but doesn\u2019t seem to stick around as long.\nTwo months ago my right eye suddenly began to ache and a thick cloudy fog fell over my vision. I saw an opthalmologist who diagnosed uveitis and gave me steroid drops, which helped almost immediately. He suggested I have some blood work done.\nMy PCP found elevated c-reactive protein and antinuclear antibodies? And referred me to a rheumatologist.\nToday was my appointment. (I should mention a pretty light pain day) The doctor looked me over and really only seemed interested in my low back pain. She ultimately decided I probably have inflammation and probably won\u2019t find a cause, so she gave me humira and sent me on my way.\nI\u2019m feeling a little lost and confused at her lack of interest and sudden drug prescription. Am I crazy? I realize this is probably weird to follow and it\u2019s very condensed. I had just expected her to be more interested in my symptoms and finding a cause. Are there any suggestions for me to move forward", "title": "I have struggled with intermittent pain for years now?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nI am 33 years old female and this year I noticed I have high blood pressure. I am 5\u20195 and 155 pounds. I have gained a bit of weight (30 pounds) because of taking abilify for psychosis. I am doing well and no longer experiencing any symptoms. However recently I noticed I am measuring high blood pressure. At the highest it was 153/93. Last year my blood pressure was fine but I had a high heart rate running over 100 beats per minute. Now I have high blood pressure. Please advice can this be a result of my medication? or weight gain", "title": "I noticed I have high blood pressure, is this due to Abilify?"}
{"text": "Hi I am a 40 yr old female have pain in breast and I believe in chest. I don\u2019t know why but I have like a burning feeling too.i had a mammogram on Feb 16, 2018 and that was good. Please tell me what can this be?? I\u2019m so nervous and maybe working myself up a little. I just need peace I also had blood work on December all was good.Age: 40\nFemale\nMedications: Levoxiltrine naproxin amitrplin .10\nYes\nGeneral Information: I went to him on February 12 he send me for a mamogram because I felt like my breast sore", "title": "I am a 40 yr old female have pain in breast and I believe in chest?"}
{"text": "I have had uterine ablation approximately 10 years ago. I am 53 and premenopausal. Recently started having cramping and pain in what I thought was left ovary. They did find cystic lesion 3\u00d78 x 3.3 x 5.1 cm in the left ovary but what concerns me is this: \u201cComplex findings in the uterus with a large irregular region of fluid and soft tissue, which may arise from the endometrium. Differential considerations would include an endometrial malignancy. A large degenerating fibroid is an alternative consideration.\u201d They are recommending a D&C with ultrasound guidance because of the scar tissue and history of severe endometriosis. Rt ovary was removed 4 years ago found to be endometrioma. I\u2019m wondering why a hysterectomy wouldn\u2019t be a better idea to just put an end to all of these issues", "title": "I have had uterine ablation approximately 10 years ago, is hysterectomy recommended?"}
{"text": "My Husband has decompensated liver disease. He was first diagnosed in August 2015. He has had several variceal  bleeds, jaundice, ascites, hepatic encatholopothy and a range of other issues. He spent one month in the ICU in 2016 and nearly died multiple times. He had a TIPS operation in December 2016 after which no he has visible ascites, no bleeds but some HE, weakness, muscle wastage and jaundice. He stills drinks, though is currently 1 week sober, what is the best prognosis? What is the likely prognosis", "title": "My Husband has decompensated liver disease, what is the prognosis?"}
{"text": "I had femoral epiphysis surgery 45 years.I am 62 , i have always experienced pain in my left knee after workouts , bowling or heavy lifting. The pain is primarily on the left side of the knee near below and around the knee cap.\nMRI clears knee from any damage, yet the pain last for at least 30 days after activities. If i continue with the activity it will cause me to limp. When the pain is gone and i discontinue the activities every-thing is fine. I love bowling but i can not bowl more than 2 games. There is no pain while bowling , when i finish about hour later the pain and the limping begins. I need help, is there anything i can do before or after to prevent the pain. My surgery was in my left hip they inserted two screw", "title": "I had femoral epiphysis surgery 45 years, experienced pain in my left knee after workouts?"}
{"text": "I was recently diagnosed with the H. Pylori stomach virus. I have been put on an antibiotic regimen. I have felt extremely nauseous during this time.\nMy issue is for the past two nights I have had diarrhea in my sleep and woke up to quite a mess. This has never happened before. Could this have been caused by the H. Pylori?\nPlease tell me that\u2019s all it is and it will go away.\nI am a 51 year old male.\nI appreciate your help", "title": "I was recently diagnosed with the H. Pylori stomach virus?"}
{"text": "I am having a partial thyroidectomy due to a 5.3 cm nodule on my left lobe.  They did a biopsy it was non malignant. I had blood work done but I  dont go back to see the endocrinologist until the end of the month. By thyroid levels appear to be normal, tsh 1.39 t4 free 1.3 and t3 free 2.8, however my thyroid peroxidase antibodies is at 350 and Thyroglobulin antibodies is at 33. This makes me believe Hashimoto thyroiitisI have all the symptoms of Hypothyroidism. Could the nodule be producing thyroid hormone to make my levels appear normal? Also could this all be affecting my blood pressure", "title": "Could a nodule make my thyroid levels appear normal?"}
{"text": "I have a rash in the corner of my mouth. have had it for about a week now. It is slightly itchy. is it a cold sore or something more serious?\nThank you,Age: 25\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a rash in the corner of my mouth?"}
{"text": "I got food stuck in my esophagus and spent several hours in severe pain. I\u2019ve had nothing but liquids since . It\u2019s still slightly painful when I swallow. Can I now try solid food again. This happened Saturday evening . It\u2019s more of a soreness now, but I\u2019m afraid to eat. I had applesauce yesterday and liquids", "title": "I got food stuck in my esophagus and spent several hours in severe pain?"}
{"text": "Not so much a medical issue as it is a question regarding general health. I have bad OCD and my shirt touched the bathroom stall wall at work today and I wanted to know the likelihood that this could result in me getting anything based on a normal day (perhaps touching the part of the shirt impacted due to an itch or something as well as rubbing my eyes if they get itchy/tired). I know this is a really weird question but I really need an answer to alleviate my stress (Yes I am on medication and yes I\u2019m normally fine. This issues is an exception but I need answers all the same)", "title": "My shirt touched the bathroom stall, could this result in me getting anything?"}
{"text": "I inserted mine an implanon on 26 October 2017 and am still bleeding. There was a brief 2 week period in December when the bleeding stopped  but it has been almost 5 months of continuous bleeding. I just read something that says you could be bleeding for the full time you have the implanon in.  My doctor it will be 6 months at most. I could be bleeding for 3 full years? What causes the bleeding", "title": "I inserted an implanon on 26 October 2017 and am still bleeding?"}
{"text": "I am 81 and am traveling on the Irish Sea tomorrow pm.  I need to take travel sickness tablets.  I am in reasonably good health.  Would it be alright for me to take one of these before travelling on the ferry?  I have purchased a packet of Kwells and the blurb suggests I seek medical advice", "title": "I need to take travel sickness tablets?"}
{"text": "On vacation did some coke off on past 4 days did a little last night\u2026 scheduled for root canal tomorrow wondering if should cancel not a user just worried casue forgot about appointment\u2026 it will be like 20 hours from last use till appointment. I\u2019m about 6 foot 205. Procedure is a root canal and have done more then a gram tota", "title": "Scheduled for root canal tomorrow wondering if should cancel after drug use?"}
{"text": "I have had an on going problem for approx 2 years. Rare for a day that I dont wake up or get heartburn everyday. Small of back hurts very badly almost everyday. Tired most all the time. Pressure from my bladder. No burning while urinating , no real pain in that area. Dizziness at times. My Dr orders blood work for me once a year. 3 months ago, she said I had 1 or more em zines that was elevated. Then approx 3 weeks ago I was diagnosed with a UTI .Is there a relation between the uti & any em zines being elevated", "title": "Is there a relation between  uti & any em zines being elevated ?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m experiencing a strange feeling in my head and throughout my body. Tuesday night, at around 9:40 pm, I was at work and taking my final break. I suddenly started to feel a sick feeling in my stomach. Almost immediately, my head felt strange. It feels like vertigo, but I\u2019m not experiencing the \u2018room spinning\u2019 feeling. It\u2019s like a tightness all over my head. My vision seems affected by this, I\u2019ve been noticing a \u201cjumpy\u201d or twitchy sight. It\u2019s not my eyes, but whatever it is that I look at, it seems to twitch. My body is shivering like I\u2019m cold, but I\u2019m not. I\u2019ve also experienced a sudden need to have a bowel movement. Not diarrhea, but I\u2019ll suddenly get bloated, gas pains, and a need to go to the bathroom. I haven\u2019t slept well since I got home from work. What I\u2019m feeling in my head doesn\u2019t let me relax and sleep. I suspect what I had for lunch at work is the cause of it", "title": "I\u2019m experiencing a strange feeling in my head and throughout my body?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having trouble swallowing the last couple of months. It feels like my food is sticking in my throat and I\u2019m going to choke and then I\u2019m gasping for air. It\u2019s getting worst. Even liquid is difficult now. It feels like there\u2019s a lump on the right side of my throat making it hard to swallow. I\u2019m terrified it could be cancer like my fathe", "title": "I\u2019ve been having trouble swallowing the last couple of months?"}
{"text": "6 month old began bilateral rhythmic repetitive leg thrusting about two weeks ago. Leg thrusts incorporate back arching (imagine a body builder preparing to deadlift a barbell). This can go on for hours!! Distractable. Generally preceded by extreme hyperactivity. More common when tired. Otherwise developing normally. Movement is forceful but smooth \u2013 not jerky. No eye roll associated with the movement.\nShe can run like the wind in her walker but sometime you find her \u201cstuck\u201d in space and time leg thrusting.\nI have a few short videos but this site will not allow the upload due to size.\nKnee is pulled up to a horizontal position, which if followed by a forceful thrust downward and repeated almost immediately for hours unless distracted. (Both legs move synchronized in this movement", "title": "6 month old began bilateral rhythmic repetitive leg thrusting?"}
{"text": "I have abdominal pain,nausea,difficulty in swelling causing occasional choking cough.metal mouth taste,burping and today I collapsed in the kitchen.What could it be.i also have a bloated stomach. I have been taking the gaviscon I\u2019ve had previously but hasn\u2019t had any effect", "title": "I have abdominal pain,nausea,difficulty in swelling causing occasional choking?"}
{"text": "I have side effects after taking tamsulosine. I took it because of urine retention. I had one box 2 years ago and still have major problems. Bigest is erectil disfunction, with pain in muscle im whole body, stuffy nose, constipation, noisiea\u2026 What can i do to improve my function? Can alfa agonists help? Have you heard of similar problem before? Can you help me somehow, because nobody can? A im healty in all diagnose..very depresse", "title": "I have side effects after taking tamsulosine?"}
{"text": "I had a CT scan due to sever lower abdominal and back pain. The CT scan found kidney stones  On the CT scan it  was also noted: \u201cThe bladder demonstrates a small floating air Lucency\u201d. What does this mean? I have had no recent procedures.  See uploaded files for CT scan report (two pages)Age: 59\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I had a CT scan due to sever lower abdominal and back pain?"}
{"text": "I have been battling a sinus / strep throat infection for a month. I am on my forth antibiotic. It started as a sinus infection then after the first round of antibiotics i started running fever, went back to doc suspecting fever and tested negative for flu, but positive for strep. Took the whole dose of those antibiotics and started feeling some better. But then ended back at the drs office with the sinus infection still there. went on another antibiotic. Well, there are obviously not working because i am now running fever again. Any thoughts", "title": "I have been battling a sinus / strep throat infection for a month?"}
{"text": "I am a 33 years old male who has experienced left knee pain since the age of 17 (no trauma). I had an x-ray at that time but it was all ok. It was not too problematic but in the last 2 years has become very problematic. It is painful to squat and then stand again and painful after running (not an excessive runner or sports person). I had an MRI which shows: minimal joint effusion, complete loss of joint space, marginal osteophytes and subchondral bone marrow oedema and cystic change of the proximal tibiofibular joint. It also showed thinning of the articular catilage at the patellar apex, focal thinning/fissuring of the articular catilage at the inferior aspect of the trochlear groove and lateral margin of the trochlea. Everything else was normal (summary: severe proximal tibiofibular osteoarthritis and mild patellofemoral arthritis). I did have juvenile arthritis as a 2 year old but subsequently recovered after 1 year. Would the history of the juvenile arthritis cause osteoarthritis later on in life as I still feel quite young to be having idiopathic osteoarthritis without trauma or excessive use", "title": "I am a 33 years old male who has experienced left knee pain since the age of 17?"}
{"text": "My mom is type 1 diabetic and has very limited mobility due to not fully recovering from her last fracture in August.  She had a rod placed in her tibia.  She has developed a large black spot on the bottom of her foot and it\u2019s very swollen all the way up to her knee.  She saw her orthopedic Dr who gave her antibiotics. I\u2019m concerned and not sure an orthopedic doctor was the best one to see. Should she get it checked by a different type of doctor? Can antibiotics fix this?Age: 63\nFemale\nMedications:\nGeneral Information: Diabetes, osteoporosis,. Gastroparesis, heart disease, high blood pressure. High blood pressure meds and insulin", "title": "My mom has developed a large black spot on the bottom of her foot?"}
{"text": "I am scheduled for a colonoscopy. I have had rectal bleeding lately. Just wondering if a colonoscopy examine my small intestine", "title": "Would a colonoscopy examine my small intestine?"}
{"text": "I blew my nose yesterday at lunch and when I opened my eyes I had severe double vision, it lasted 30 minutes.  Very hard to walk. I was wondering if I had a cerebral aneurysm.  A mild one because I have no symptoms and all is well now. Each eye was seeing just one thing but crossed and one eye seeing up and the other down", "title": "I opened my eyes I had severe double vision?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been short of breath, I\u2019ve had a tight feeling in my chest, I feel like I can\u2019t get any air so I\u2019m gasping for air, out of breath after I\u2019ve done anything and no energy. It\u2019s been since yesterday. I\u2019ve never had it before so I\u2019m very worried. Any advice on what it could be?. Thank", "title": "I\u2019ve been short of breath, I\u2019ve had a tight feeling in my chest?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with pcos after an untreated pelvic inflammation(left ovary and fallopian tube). No symptoms of pcos before the inflammation and I\u2019m 39. I believe it triggered it. I have hair loss and my left ovary is polycystic. The right one is in good shape. I got Spiro 3 months ago. It has dropped all of my testosteron level to the lower half of the normal level but my andostenidone almost doubled on the medication. Is that something Spiro do or it isn\u2019t normal to see this? Thank yo", "title": "I was diagnosed with pcos after an untreated pelvic inflammation?"}
{"text": "Why does my syphilis test have  point value of .4-.6  what are the differences in the 2 test?  the syphilis treponomal igg and the syphilis treponomal igg interp.  I do have a negative rh factor.  the first time i was pregnant i tested positive for syphilis and the retested my blood and it was negative.   My obgyn sent my blood to a specialist and said it showed up as a false positive because of the negative rh factor.   I don\u2019t understand why there is a  number on the test.  does everyone have a value range? is there a difference in negative and non reactive ?  or do most people just get the phone with the results saying you are negative or positive for tests and I have access to online testing so i see more than most people do", "title": "Why does my syphilis test have a point value of .4 -.6?"}
{"text": "Age: 27\nMale\nMedications: Claritin-D\nNo\nGeneral Information: \u2013 Age : 27\u2013 Sex: Male\n\u2013 Height: 5\u20199\u2033 (175.26 cm)\n\u2013 Weight: 179 lbs (81.19 kg)\n\u2013 Race: Caucasian/Hispanic Mix\n\u2013 Duration of complaint: several months for tonsils; since yesterday for rectum\u2013 Location (Geographic and on body): California; Mouth; Rectum\u2013 Any existing relevant medical issues (if any): Possibly have Ulcerative Colitis\nCurrent medications (if any): I take an antihistemine\nInclude a photo if relevant (skin condition for example)I really appreciate any medical advice given; I\u2019ve been trying to get ahold of my primary for the past 3 days only to get the voicemail so I\u2019m here trying to figure out what\u2019s going on. Thank you for taking a look even if you aren\u2019t able to leave a reply.Picture of rectum (please note purple bumps towards the top and the big bump at the center right):i.imgur.com/xJPEzRm.jpgPicture of tonsils(to note, my last test for many stds revealed that I didn\u2019t have anything. Have not had sex since then.):i.imgur.com/3lMLkp9.jpgI will be seeing my primary at some point but I\u2019m here to see how severe it is and if there are any things I can be doing to lessen the issue. Thanks again for taking the time.Other things to note:\u2013 my last gastroenterologist thought I had ulcerative colitis but started to feel that he knew longer knew and referred me to Cedar Sinai so that they could figure it out. Unfortunately I can\u2019t afford to go.\u2013 I\u2019ve had the tonsil issue since October 2017 got tested for stds and put on various antibiotics with no resolution", "title": "May have tonsils and my gastroenterologist thought I had ulcerative colitis, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m  type 1 diabetes (for 25 yrs,) insulin dependent ,with severe arthritis ,an auto imunne disease &can i give blood while on pain prescription  medication  without the blood recipient  getting defective genes  from my blood .Also in 2010 i was in a severe car wreck ,where my hip socket ,hip bone &pelvic bone were broken &my right knee cap destroyed &my femur bone broke in half  &i almost bleed to death ,so i was given 4 pints of blood.My question is could the blood i received  change my blood or cause me to have different personality traits or certain kinds of cravings for different type foods or cause me to have alot more allergies than i had before i received the blood transfusion. Also  last year my insurance changed i had to go with  brand new doctors one of which was a new orthopedic doctor which wanted to take change my pain meds so he put me on Tylenol arthritis 4 times a day&a new anti inflammatory  2 times a day in less than a week i got really sick &my blood liver enzymes were thru the roof &emergency room  results said i had liver damage ,I have also had extreme digestive problems ever since ,could all that have been caused by the new anti inflammatory &the Tylenol?I also want to know if doctors have to read &know the side effects &complications of every medication they prescribe", "title": "Can i give blood while on pain prescription medication without the blood recipient  getting defective genes?"}
{"text": "I have had badly swollen legs and feet from the knee joint down for a month or so now . I had bloods taken , and xray on my heart to see it was not enlarged as I am on Blood Pressure medication, both showed up nothing at all. I then went for a ct scan but due to the foot swelling they only managed to get the fluid into one leg and the result showed up inconclusive !!! I have been taking water tablets since that more thab 2 weeks ago. The swelling has gone down a lot and you can see the veins in the feet clearly.  Some areas of the leg a like spungy and you can  press the skin in and it comes back out in a short while. Although never had any pain I have tingly feelings in the legs . I am UK resident but working in Okpo S.Korea. I have stayed in Indonesia for the last 9 years", "title": "I have had badly swollen legs and feet from the knee joint down for a month?"}
{"text": "I always feel that my height has decrease or loss of height. I am 60 yrs old. Height is 1.61 m and weight is 64 kg. If a person who is taller and heavier than me accidentally pushed  my body, will my height decrease or loss of height? Is there compression on my height", "title": "I feel my height has decreased?"}
{"text": "I stopped taking Percocets 3 days ago on my own the only problem I\u2019ve had is it\u2019s hard to sleep I do I have Ambien wondering if it\u2019s ok to take now I was taking 5 mg of Percocets 4 times a day for 2 years just wanted to stop taking them had a little diarrhea but not bad", "title": "I stopped taking Percocets, is it OK to take Ambien?"}
{"text": "I had an MRI done about 4 wks ago and  the results stated that I had a Capillary Telangiectasia thats about 6mm in size. My neurologist stated that its something that\u2019s usually not treated and that the worst that could happen is that it could hemorrhage, cause a stroke and/or death, but that is very very very rare. Is that true?  Do I have anything to worry about? I am very scared. How would I know if it has ruptured? What can cause it to rupture", "title": "I had an MRI done about 4 wks ago and  the results stated that I had a Capillary Telangiectasia?"}
{"text": "My period is approx. 2 months late but the two pregnancy tests I have taken have shown to be negative and I have been free of the implant for 5 months.\nOther symptoms include nausea and headaches but this has only been relevant for the past week or so", "title": "Period is late but the two pregnancy tests I have taken have shown to be negative?"}
{"text": "My husband is 46 y.o and after eating greasy food yesterday his left side of his body aches. He hasnt had any health issues as of yet. And his stomach aches him also right where his gall bladder is.I want to know what we can do or what he should take ? He doesnt want 2 go to the emergency room.\nPlease tell us what you think it might be", "title": "After eating greasy food yesterday left side of body aches?"}
{"text": "I need some help knowing if I need to follow up with these results in the document. The test was done in the hospital and I did not get the results until after I was home. I was not sure if these were normal findings or abnormal. I do not see my Dr. For a while but if this is something that needs attention I will try to get in sooner. Thank you in advance, (\u2014)Age: 60\nFemale\nMedications: Lisinopril thyroid med\nGeneral Information: Diarrhe", "title": "Are theses stool culture findings normal or abnormal?"}
{"text": "How long can I take ZOLPIDEM/AMBIEN 10MG before it becomes addictive", "title": "How long can I take ZOLPIDEM/AMBIEN 10MG before it becomes addictive?"}
{"text": "I am an avid tennis player but have developed \u201ctennis elbow\u201d over years of playing. I am thinking of using Platelet Rich Plasma Therapy (PRP) to help with this problem. What is your opinion on PRP", "title": "I have \u201ctennis elbow\u201d thinking of using Platelet Rich Plasma Therapy (PRP)?"}
{"text": "I have a pharyngeal pain on the right side. Pain is very low in the morning but after 10 -11 start to irradiate in the right ear , mandible , right shoulder and cervical spine on the right.\nSwollen right SCM muscle , trapezes etc ..\nSwollen inflammatory glands on the neck on the right side.Pain is bearable when i lay down in bed and i can sleep at night but i cant sleep on the right side.\nPain is better when i go to the gym but it\u2019s worse the day after gym.I have this pain for 2 years now .\n\u2013 I removed my tonsils\n\u2013 I did lots of tests like 5 MRI , 1 Angio MRI , 3 fibroscopy , all blood teste etc\u2026\nnothing is wrong and the pain is getting worse .\nI am losing my mind.I attached mi MRI of cervical spine .\nI don\u2019t know what to do next.\nI excluded eagle syndrome . My styloids are 2 cm and 2,2 cmAge: 40\nMale\nI tried all antibiotics and pain killers in the world Nothing Work ! |Not even 1% of pain is goneDoctors think that something in my spine is pushing in my throat in the vallecula epiglotis region .\nHere is my pictore from fibroscopy on the Right side. This is my normal side on the lef", "title": "I have a pharyngeal pain on the right side, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have had back pain on off for couple of years. Gristle feeling along lumber spine. Saw chiro recently\u2026.he thinks disc bulge? I get restless legs\u2026tingly feeling in back thigh to feet at times\u2026walking feels heavy. It can feel like my back goes into spasm\u2026.I have a sitting job. Shooting and tingly pain in arms at times too. Your thoughts? Got xray yr ago. No MRI though. Just concerned.Age: 27\nFemale\nMedications: Valium when needed. Multivitamin.\nGeneral Information: Hereditary Spherocyctisis. No gallbladder", "title": "Back pain on off for couple of years. Gristle feeling along lumber spine?"}
{"text": "hi my name is (\u2014).I experience nausea when i exercise.Could it be caused by second hand smoke because i spend at least 7 hours a week around smokers.People have said its because i am unfit but have been unfit many times and havent had this problem and it started when i started to hang around smoker", "title": "I experience nausea when I exercise?"}
{"text": "I was recently in the hospital for a kidney infection. I was released yesterday morning on the antibiotic ciprofloxacin and the pain medicine hydroporphone. Today i started having different symptoms all together that i have never had and is kind of worrying me. I have severe abdominal pain, distended stomach, nausea, clamy/sweaty, lots of gas, constipation, and when I was able to move a very small amount of bowel a small stream of blood came out with it. It has had me laid in bed. What can this be", "title": "I was recently in the hospital for a kidney infection?"}
{"text": "I went to the Er Saturday night for chest, left arm pain they diagnosed me with gerd. I was taking medication they prescribed and it wasn\u2019t helping. I went again last night for trouble swallowing and pain right where my ribs end in the middle and they just gave me IV fluids and some other medication that didnt help but made me get a migraine. They prescribed me that medication but it doesn\u2019t help all it does is make my head hurt. I am not today experiencing left arm pain, back pain, and neck pain and I have no energy I feel like a zombie it\u2019s hard to even walk even taking the liquid medication the prescribed me I can barely eat or drink still. I\u2019m wondering if I should go back to the hospital or try a new one or just push through this. They did an EKG on my heart and said it was fine and that my blood work was fine. I don\u2019t feel fine though", "title": "I went to the Er Saturday night for chest, left arm pain they diagnosed me with gerd?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had nausea/stomach cramps, fatigue and occasionally a low grade fever for 4 days.  I had diarrhea on the second day (which has since cleared) but have never vomited. I think it\u2019s simply a virus but I\u2019m starting to wonder if I should go to a doctor", "title": "I\u2019ve had nausea/stomach cramps, fatigue and occasionally a low grade fever for 4 days?"}
{"text": "So i have been suffering with a lump in throat feeling for 6 months. So i thought i had throat cancer. I have become mentally unwell thinking about it. I went to my ent who did a full exam and scoped my throat. Then i had a upper endoscopy and mri. Followed by a barium swallow. Nothing has been shown. So i have pulling my tongue out and pushing my tongue to the side to look with a flash light. I never see anything but by stretching out my tongue the pain goes away for hours and comes back. I think i have ocd. So i have health anxiety. I think they missed my cancer. What should i do? I am 34 y/0 male don\u2019t drink but used to chew", "title": "Suffering with a lump in throat feeling for 6 months, I thought I had throat cancer?"}
{"text": "I have this rash near my elbow, what is it? It started off as as small red dots and now is itching and feels like a burn a little. I am worried it may be something serous.Age: 34\nMale\nMedications", "title": "I have this rash, what is it?"}
{"text": "Terrible pain in lower back. I am 36 years old woman. X ray image shows I have sacralization of L5. I need advice. What can be done to improve my condition", "title": "Terrible pain in lower back had xray done, what can be done to improve my condition?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m presently on Isentress, Norvir and Reyataz for HIV and thinking of using sildenafil (A Viagra Alternative) to help with my ED problems. Is it safe to take both HIV meds and Sildenafil at the same time", "title": "Is Sildenafil safe to take with Isentress, Norvir and Reyataz?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 30 year old female and pregnant. I have a nickel sized lump that is very painful and itchy at top of my vagina lip. Its red and has yellow. Also the entire left side is swelled. Hurts to move or walk. This has been here a little over a week but keeps getting worse each. I don\u2019t know if its a boil, possible staph infection, ect. And I don\u2019t know if I need to go to hospital or not. Its extremely painful.Age: 30\nFemale\nMedications: Zoloft vistril\nGeneral Information: N", "title": "I have a nickel sized lump that is very painful and itchy?"}
{"text": "A couple of days ago I noticed a pea sized lump in front of my left ear. It doesn\u2019t seem to move, and is not painful. I cannot tell if it has changed in size at all. It definitely doesn\u2019t seem to have gotten any bigger. I cannot get an appointment with my GP for a couple of weeks, and don\u2019t know if it\u2019s urgent enough to spend \u00a350 on a private appointment. Thanks", "title": "I noticed a pea sized lump in front of my left ear?"}
{"text": "My husband is 72 and forgetting things, can\u2019t remember dates and forgets where he puts things like his keys and wallet. Is it alzheimer\u2019s", "title": "My husband is forgetting things, is it alzheimer\u2019s?"}
{"text": "Hi, I was cleaning the toilet and I noticed some little tiny blood-like specks on top of the rear part of the toilet seat. (on the top back part of the U of the sitting area of the toilet seat) The only person that uses that toilet is a 58 year old male. He sits for bowel movements and also sits to urinate to avoid drops/spots of urine on the seat/floor. In other words, the top part of his buttocks and crack are touching that part of the toilet seat. What can be the causes for these tiny blood-like specks on top of the rear part of the sitting area of the toilet seat? (I don\u2019t know if this has anything to do with the question, but he could be/is bisexual and he uses the same pair of underwear for one week. He says, he doesn\u2019t sweat and they aren\u2019t dirty. He only does bowel movements in the house and immediately goes into the shower to clean/bathe his buttocks.) Thank you", "title": "Blood on bathroom toilet seat, what can be the cause?"}
{"text": "I have been experiencing diarrhea on and off for a very long time. With an ongoing pain in my lower left stomach. Probably close to the descending colon, inguinal ligament or the rectus abdominis. Scans have not shown anything out of the ordinary and doctors usually just talk about a hernia. I am 46, I have one child (18y boy with my ex), but I have been trying to have a baby for 10 years with my now wife. We have done all IVF methods, even with donor eggs. But, the embryo does never survive the 4th or 5th day after the embryo transfer.I like suggestions on what diagnostics and tests I should do. Are there any specific blood test or others that I could order, to further analyze my situation", "title": "I have been trying to have a baby for 10 years, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have been suffering from a pinpoint pain in my lower back, at exactly the same location at least 3 to 4 times per day. the pain stays for a second or two and then goes away.  But it happens often, several times a day. I had a lumpectomy and lymph node operation 2 months ago. Can it be related to my operation. My doc thinks no", "title": "Suffering from a terrible pain in lower back that lasts a second or two, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hello in 2010 I had an ultrasound after seeing a nephrologist. My right kidney measured 10\u00d73.6 cm and my left 9.8\u00d73.8 cm\u2026the notation said slight increased echogenicity of both kidneys in prominent pyramids. And the impression was suggesting medical renal disease\u2026now the nephrologist said that I had significant scarring in both kidneys. Which baffled him because my blood work was great. Now a few days ago after getting an ultrasound of my kidneys there was nothing it was all normal. And while I\u2019m thankful I\u2019m confused and no one seems to be able to tell me why this can occur. Can you tell me why this might be the case", "title": "Ultrasound of my kidneys provides different results, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi. I have this mole on my face left cheek that is growing. It is about one 1/4 of inch, maybe less. I am worried it maybe be something that is serious. i would like to get an opinion.Age: 54\nfemale\nMedications: non", "title": "I have this mole on my face left cheek that is growing?"}
{"text": "I am a 23 year old female with chronic pain and tingling sensation in both legs accompanied by issues with urinating. I have had to urinate multiple times in just a short 30 minutes\u2026some times i feel like i can\u2019t empty my bladder. My legs have been hurting for about 6 months. They hurt all day every day and even wake me up during the night. I can\u2019t find relief with anything\u2026please help", "title": "Chronic pain and tingling sensation in both legs, please advise?"}
{"text": "Two and a half weeks ago I had a day where my urine was dark red/brown.  I put this down to too much black coffee as it always makes me need to urinate much more often. I even thought it could be the coffee passing through me. This continued for a few days and then became normal one time and coloured the next.  This is how it continued until during the last few days it became more blood coloured more often, but my doctor had started me on Rivaroxaban because I have intermittent AF and one of the common side effects is blood in the urine. Today, for example from first thing in the morning my urine was clear, bloody, clear, clear and then bloody, bloody and clear.\nHaving seen a bloody urine sample and tested it today my doctor has referred me as urgent to the hospital for tests.\nI have googled it and found with bladder cancer it is quite usual for the urine to fluctuate, being bloody one time and not the next.\nAre my chances of having cancer great?  Unfortunately I am 65 and have smoked all my life albeit less then 10 a day.\nThank yo", "title": "I have blood in my urine, is it cancer?"}
{"text": "I found a lump at the bottom of my back that is small, pink and brown around the edges. What could it be? I am quite concerned as I have only just noticed this and it is not painful. I think it has been there for a few months now, I have nothing else on my body and I have had blood tests and they are fineAge: 21\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I found a lump at the bottom of my back that is small, pink and brown around the edges?"}
{"text": "My problem with thyroid started when I was 60 years old. In the morning, when I was getting out of my bed, I felt extremely week physically and mentally. During the day, when I was laying down for a short nap, my legs were soon getting very cold. Gradually I was getting more sensitive to cold in general, but only my legs were really affected and only when I was lie in horizontal position.\nOver the following years, as I sometimes was feeling very bad, (I was very week, sweating, my skin was itching), it has been establish by my family doctor that the synthroid 0.075 mg. is the right dose to cover deficiency of my thyroid stimulating hormone.\nAt present I am 82 years old. I take synthroid 0.075 mg. every day. I swim, go for a walk and feel very good in general. Unfortunately my legs get very cold, much colder that in the past and only when I lie in bed, even as I am dress very warm and covered with 3 thick blankets. It prevents me from sleeping which creates many other problems. I am not getting referral to an endocrinologyst .\nIs it possible to help me with this problem? My t.s.h. is now 5.2\nThank you for your time,", "title": "My legs get very cold, much colder that in the past and only when I lie in bed?"}
{"text": "I have a strong steady burning sensation right where my sternum comes together. I can\u2019t sleep with the discomfort. I can feel the heat, on that area, when I touch it. I have tried drinking cold water, and , placing a cold wet wash rag on it, but, it still remains very hot", "title": "I have a strong steady burning sensation right where my sternum comes together?"}
{"text": "I have a lump on my eyelid, what is it? I developed a lump on my eyelid a few days ago it turned like reddish and now has a small yellow pimple like spot.Age:52\nMale:\nMedications: N", "title": "I have a lump on my eyelid, what is it?"}
{"text": "I slipped and fell l broke my femur in three places , they have put a surgery metal plate in my leg l am recovering well after 6 days in hospital , l would like to know the weight of the metal plate in my leg for my future diet , l just want to know the weight of the metal plate so l know how many pounds to lose pleas", "title": "I slipped and fell l broke my femur in three places?"}
{"text": "I received a botox injection 3 days ago. Soon after my eyes swelled up terrible. Botox injection was given in a SPA. I am worried. They say it is normal. Is this normal? When will my eyes come back normal? How long will the Botox stay in my face", "title": "After botox injection my eyes swelled up, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I developed neuropathy in my feet, right foot primarily, burning, tingling, etc. since December 2016\u2032 symptoms went away in June last year, and now they are back, same right foot.  Neurologists could not find cause after tests were done, including MRI.  I tested negative 4 times early last hear for HIV,  however, positive for herpes 1 and 2.  Can herpes cause this neuropathy,  I have never had any outbreaks of any kind.i suffer from very high anxiety and high blood preassure.  Gabapentin, lyrica did not hel", "title": "I developed neuropathy in my feet, right foot primarily, burning, tingling, please advise?"}
{"text": "I had pain and a mild dermal in my right lower leg as shown in xray and MRI. My doctor said it was no problem and I should just take advils. It did go away but now 4 months later the pain is back at the same place. Can an xray and MRI miss a bone tumor", "title": "Can an xray and MRI miss a bone tumor?"}
{"text": "I just did a health test analysis at (\u2014) via one of the online services (\u2014). Now I have the test results, but I do not know how to read it. I am travelling a lot (over 200 days a year), and I really need doctor\u2019s input on what I need to do.  Like if I should worry about my results or what.Age: 46\nMale\nMedications: None\nGeneral Information: No", "title": "Did a health test analysis should I worry about my results?"}
{"text": "Hello. I have had an issue with my stomach since. December 2nd 2017. Had an endoscopy done last month. Only found gastritis (biopsy was clear\u2026no precancer or h.pylori infection ) and hiatal hernia. Upper middle stomach near rib cage been hurting really bad but now my upper left side is hurting really bad. Can\u2019t eat (wasn\u2019t eat much anyways) and can\u2019t bend over. Now left breast is inflamed all the way in,my arm pit and can\u2019t move my arm at all. What exactly could it be ? Not just gastritisAge: 42\nFemale\nMedications: Coumadin (MECHANICAL HEART VALVE), Simvastatin, Digoxin, Protonix, medical marijuana and allergy drops (allergist concoction)\nGeneral Information: I have attached ER admit notes", "title": "I have had an issue with my stomach since. December 2nd 2017?"}
{"text": "I have a major acne problem which cannot be corrected. Acne all over my face. Went to several doctors but no solution can be found. Was tested for just about everything. CBC, TSH, HB, Blood sugar and kidney. All normal. Also tried all kind of acne products including clindamycin and minocycline. Nothing. What should I do", "title": "I have a major acne problem, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I am a 91 year old male with congestive heart failure, on medicine for it and have an existing pacemaker that was put in in 2012.I have bad swelling in my legs and feet, no energy, sleeping issues, and just don\u2019t feel good.I have the option of 1. getting a new battery in my existing pacemaker (has 6-7 months left)\n                                2. Getting a biventricular pacemaker put in\n                                3. Doing nothing\nMy question is: 1. Will my swelling be alleviated with the biventricular pacemaker put in?\n                          2. If I chose to do nothing, what will typically happen when my battery runs down or out", "title": "I have bad swelling in my legs and feet, will my swelling be alleviated if a biventricular pacemaker is put in?"}
{"text": "I had arthroscopy for a meniscus tear in my right knee about one year ago. Had physical therapy. my doctor said everything was OK and flexibility was back to normal. No cartilage damage or arthritis. Lately i have been feeling some pain and swelling in my right knee.Is this normal?", "title": "I had arthroscopy for a meniscus tear in my right knee, pain has returned?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m 4 months post partum with first baby and have joint pain++ I\u2019m eating pain killers. It\u2019s worse in the morning, every joint seems stiff and sore and particularly my hands and ankles and they are swollen I\u2019m morning. I have to crawl to the bathroom then it eases up\nDuring the day apart from if I sit for long. My fingers and ankles seem the worse and lower back. I\u2019m so fed up not with this. I went to gp they have tested me for rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and autoimmune diseases and all came back normal. I also had my thyroid tested, liver and kidneys. The only thing that flagged up was my kidney function which was poor so got it repeated and was back to normal. The doctor said it had likely been affected by anti inflammatory med he put me on so he has stopped that now. All I\u2019m taking is co codamol and trying to get on with it but it\u2019s ridiculous I feel like a 90years old. The gp doesn\u2019t want to no now and thinks I\u2019m exaggerating. I\u2019m not over weight apart from some baby weight I have put on. I was very healthy and fit before getting pregnant and now after having my baby I feel terrible\nPhysically. I go to classes with other mums and no one seems to know anything about this and they all say they are feeling fine. The doctor has said maybe I just need exercise but I can hardly move never mind exercising! I was quite fit before having my baby and exercised regularly now I just can hardly bend up and down!\nDuring the pregnancy I did swell up quite bad with fluid but that went away a few days after delivery. In fact I didn\u2019t feel that bad immediately after. Please hel", "title": "I\u2019m 4 months postpartum with first baby and have joint pain?"}
{"text": "Are Doctor\u2019s paid to research? i.e. when they have a patient who has an illness they are not familiar with can they bill for the time spent learning as much as they can about it? I ask this question because I have severe narcolepsy as well as CFIDS; what is considered \u201cinvisible\u201d illness. I was recently hospitalized for an acute and unrelated condition \u2013 a severe GI infection. I was NPO and unmedicated for any and all symptoms which as you know can mimic psychiatric disease. For the first time in decades I suffered \u2013 without medication,  from symptoms of automatic behavior, hallucinations at night and during the day, disrupted nighttime sleep and more.  I recently received a copy of my inpatient records and also of outpatient visits and tests too \u2013 all of which indicate I have now at age 64 been adjudicated with \u201cmental illness of long standing duration,\u201d \u201cbipolar disease unspecified.\u201d The discharge summary states, \u201cPatient states history of narcolepsy and chronic fatigue, however psychiatry indicates diagnosis of bipolar disease\u2026and so forth. There are statements such as how I am unable to follow a conversation, appear confused, inappropriate at times; of course I was; my prognosis was initially guarded and my husband was called regarding code status as I was deemed incapable of making decisions. I asked as did my husband that my providers familiarize themselves with the symptoms of my chronic illnesses.  An outpatient visit with a gynecologist (!)  states bipolar disease, in partial remission, most recently depressed, indicating this was discussed during that visit \u2013 which was not. (Nor has anyone informed me I am bipolar or is treating me for it\u2026). My other questions are: What would you do and what should I do", "title": "I have severe narcolepsy as well as CFIDS, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019ve had genital warts for a few months now and have been using 100% tee tree oil on them twice a day for about a month or so.  I\u2019ve been to 2 different doctors in the last few weeks who merely confirmed that i had HPV but did not prescribe anything for the warts or suggest freezing them off.", "title": "I\u2019ve had genital warts for a few months now, what can be done?"}
{"text": "Can  you get a rib fracture as a result of anesthesia? Had  back surgery on 12/8- complained x3 post op visits to surgeon about left side rib pain.  He said the rib pain had nothing to do with the back surgery. .Still having pain, saw GP on 2/1- Chest x-ray shows healing 7th left side rib fracture. Pre OP chest x ray is normal I have not bee sick. Can this fx have been a result of the anesthesia", "title": "Can  you get a rib fracture as a result of anesthesia?"}
{"text": "I have a pain in my lower back down the back of my left leg. Feels like a cramp sometimes. I dont remember hurting it. Just started  to happen 3 days ago. When I walk my left foot is difficult to lift. Toes don\u2019t want to raise up. Is it a torn or pulled ligament in my foot", "title": "Pain in my lower back down the back of my left leg, is it a torn or pulled ligament?"}
{"text": "Hello!I have been struggling for the past 3 years with concentration problems (brain fog).I have changed my diet to only homemade meals, fruits, vegetables and nuts. I only drink water and a coffee per day. I exercise more. On my diabetic father\u2019s advice, I have taken my blood glucose for a while and it falls within normal range. I have stopped smoking marijuana. I have tried every trick on the internet but I still can\u2019t shake it off. I feel better physically but mentally it\u2019s not much better. I went to see my doctor and he ordered many blood tests: Vitamins, STDs, Thyroid, Lyme disease and a bunch of other that i don\u2019t remember. Everything came back clear. His conclusion was to prescribe me anti-depressant. Effexor to be precise. To be honest that medication scares me and I did not take it. Mostly because, once in a while my head clears up completely and I feel like I used to. I just can\u2019t put my finger on the cause.I would like to have someone else\u2019s opinion on the matter. Taking Effexor would be an absolute last resort for me since my mother and everybody on the internet say it\u2019s hell to quit. Is there anything else I should try? Should I ask to be referred to a specialist of some sort? Please help me. I do not know what to do", "title": "I have been struggling for the past 3 years with concentration problems, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m a 41 year old male in moderate shape. I just got my blood test back and it has high NEUTROPHILS 12.3 x 10*9/L, high TRIGLYCERIDES 4.87 mmol/L, and high MONOCYTES 0.9 x 10*9/L. What would the cause be for this? I have had blood in my stool for 2 weeks and coughed up some blood two mornings last week but nothing since", "title": "I have high Neutrophils , high Triglycerides  and high Monocytes?"}
{"text": "Link (or show a connection to produce health related causation, to include a more than likely than not opinion), between bilateral lower extremity frostbite injury (including peripheral neuropathy of the lower extremities with loss of use of the feet), to hypertension and/or diabetes, to renal disease", "title": "Can a frostbite injury be related to hypertension, diabetes or renal disease?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been suffering from frequent urination for over a month. Symptoms were severe with associated R lower back pain,pelvic pain, and pain while urinating. I would go to the restroom every 10 minutes or so. Volume has been high most bathroom visits. Even when a small amount of urine in my bladder, I felt like I needed to go immediately. Placed on antibiotics x10 days, symptoms decreased but still present. Bathroom visits every hour to two hours. What is wrong with me", "title": "Suffering from frequent urination for over a month, what is wrong with me?"}
{"text": "I have a very bad pain in my throat that comes and goes. Has been like this for 4 days now. When pain comes on I can\u2019t eat anything. Can\u2019t even swallow. I have no cold, sneezing, fever, runny nose, headache or chills. Do I have throat cancer", "title": "I have a very bad pain in my throat, do I have throat cancer?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve  been sick for a week and the symptoms  are:\nPain all over my face (mostly around my temples.. makes talking and chewing difficult. It feels like muscle pain) nasal congestion, fatigue, out of breath a lot, chest infection? When I breath in or out it causes me to cough(some times wet sometimes dry). And dry mouth no matter how much water I am drink in", "title": "Sick for a week, pain, nasal congestion, fatigue, out of breath?"}
{"text": "Feeling pain on right side of lower stomach near naval below sometimes really sharp. i have fever of 101 and vomiting. cramps and painful when I pee.Don\u2019t know what it could be. need an opinion.", "title": "Feeling pain on right side of lower stomach near naval, don\u2019t know what it could be?"}
{"text": "I had a spinal fusion surgery done last year, now have difficulty swallowing food. A swelling occurred in supraclavical area. Had MRI, US done. All good. Surgeon says not due to surgery. tested for cushings and it isn\u2019t cushings either. Swelling is on both sides. I am told it is life threatening. But no one has any answers. What can be done? Please help", "title": "I had a spinal fusion surgery now have difficulty swallowing food?"}
{"text": "I have a dermatology question/concern.I had Moh\u2019s surgery(all clear) on Jan 2 without stitches. On Jan 10 my surgeon said it was healing nicely. On Jan 22 a bump formed on the site. My question is: Is this the normal healing process without stitches? It is a bit worrisome. Surely the cancer couldn\u2019t come back after only 20 days or could it. It stayed flat for the 6 weeks between the biopsy and surgery, and now there\u2019s a bump after the all clear. Thank", "title": "I had Mohs surgery, a bump formed on the site, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hello. I am a 27 year old male. For about the last year I have had this weird sensation on my left side. From my left hip up to below the bottom of my left rib cage. It\u2019s mostly just when I am laying on my side. When I lay on my left side it feels like I am laying on something a flat piece of cardboard or something like that. It\u2019s mostly along the hip and under the ribs. When I turn over and lay on my right side, my left side feels really tight and it is very uncomfortable. Once in awhile it will also feel like it\u2019s back behind my left shoulder blade also. Again this has been going on for about a year now. I have had blood work and a ct scan about 6 months ago and they both came back with nothing. The feeling just isn\u2019t going away though. What could be causing this", "title": "Feel uncomfortable when lying down, ct scan and blood tests normal?"}
{"text": "I have been experiencing a dull ache on the lower right side of my abdomen. It has been around for a few years, and it comes and goes. It feels like a very dull pain, or a burning sensation. It doesn\u2019t feel swollen. Touching the affected area doesn\u2019t hurt, I really have to press on it to feel the pain. I don\u2019t have a fever, or nausea. I provided a picture and marked where I feel the pain. I have noticed that I get this ache when my menstruation is about to start. I\u2019m due to begin any day. I\u2019m just hoping it\u2019s not something serious like appendicitis. Thank you.Age: 34\nFemale\nMedications: No medications\nGeneral Information: I haven\u2019t seen a doctor about it", "title": "Experiencing a dull ache on the lower right side of my abdomen?"}
{"text": "Developed a rash just below right corner of mouth. It started out with small rough bumps. I put rubbing alcohol on it and it caused it to dry out and open up. There is a small amount of clear liquid that came out.  My glands in the right side under my jaw are swollen and sore as well. The area of the rash has slight swelling as well. Also, the rash has a minor tingling sensation, but not sure if that could be the neosporin I put on it. Please advise", "title": "Developed a rash just below right corner of mouth, Please advise?"}
{"text": "I am 56 yrs. old, female, and in decent health. I work hard every day, own my own  business and am either waling or standing many hours every day. Yesterday about 3pm I was driving and felt a sudden sharp pain in the front of my thigh at the very top. It lasted just a second. Then it happened again just a second later. I felt it again once today about 3pm when standing at work. A friend suggested DVT and suggested I take an aspirin. I took one 325 mg. aspirin. About 5 hrs. later I felt it again, just once.  I took two aspirin this time and am sitting down now. I had a hip replacement on that side 1 1/2 yrs. ago and when I was 17 yrs. old I had a blood clot in a calve from folding my leg at the knee and sleeping on it during a transoceanic flight. I am really nervous and don\u2019t have a doctor. I live quite far away from any doctor and don\u2019t know how to tell if its a muscle tear or not. I can\u2019t really afford to see a doctor but if I do, what kind of doctor do I see. What do my symptoms sound like to you? thank you", "title": "Felt a sudden sharp pain in the front of my thigh at the very top, what is it?"}
{"text": "It seems that I have a rash that has developed in the past week or two. It is on the inside of my forearms back of hands, on chest and belly, and on my feet. It is not itchy and does not discharge puss. I do have psoriasis however that is only located in one area of my body and this feels very different.Age: 31\nMale\nMedications: N/A\nGeneral Information: no i have not seen a doctor about this as i currently live in the US and do not have medical insurance or the funds to pay for medical insuranc", "title": "A rash has developed on hands, chest, belly and feet?"}
{"text": "It is about 4:15 AM, 1/19/18. Two hours ago my truck caught on fire inside the cab. The whole cab filled with smoke, before I finally realized that the smoke was coming from inside the truck. My throat hurts, and I feel like I have a head and lungs full of smoke. I got home a few minutes ago by a taxi cab. Do I need to be concerned about this smoke inhalation", "title": "I had smoke inhalation, do I need to be concerned?"}
{"text": "Hello\u2026I\u2019m attaching an image of a small pigmented spot which I have, located on the back of my thigh, midway between the buttocks and knee.   I noticed it when I was doing a self skin-check, although I believe I recall seeing it there quite a few years ago and looking the same as it currently does.   It is light brown/ tan and slightly larger than one quarter of an inch.  It is smooth.  It is located in the middle of each image.I do visit a dermatologist twice yearly for skin checks, and no concern was expressed over the spot.  Do you have any idea what it could be and whether I should be concerned?     Thank you!Age: 50\nFemale\nMedications: Lexapro, furosemide, potassia", "title": "I have a pigmented spot located on the back of my thigh, should I be concerned?"}
{"text": "my husband has been told he had a infection somewhere in his body after three weeks he is losing weight and can no longer eat savary (savory) food only fruit and cereals.  he is a type two diabetic and he seems as if he is suffering from worry about what the doctors have said\ncan you advise m", "title": "I have difficulty eating a regular meal, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hello. I believe my thyroid is enlarged as there is a hard lump slightly below the Adam\u2019s apple. I\u2019ve attached a google drive video showing both a side and front view of the neck while swallowing.", "title": "I believe my thyroid is enlarged, please advise?"}
{"text": "symptoms: stomache for 2 weeks now after everytime i eat, about a week ago major headaches and migraines (which is rare for me)and they were constant,id take Advil or Tylenol but it would only dull it , about 2 days ago i started throwing up about 15mins every other hour or so,today i started running a fever of 100, to 102,and a very recent thing, i am extremely constipated, which isn\u2019t unusual for me but now its to the point im not going to the bathroom at all and its become painful.about me: DOB: 10/12/98, 5\u20192, 160lbs.medical history: bladder surgery in 2003, cue fever 2011-2012, cat scratch fever 2012", "title": "Fever of 100, migraines, can I take care of this at home?"}
{"text": "I have a rash on the top right side of my back. I am sending a photo. I felt a slight burning and itching sensation for a couple of days and now have a burning rash about 5 inches long. It burns and itches a lot and doesn\u2019t look good. Is it something serious?Age: 56\nFemale\nMedications: nexiu", "title": "I have a rash on the top right side of my back, is it something serious?"}
{"text": "I have a crushing chest pain that feels like constant pressure making it difficult to breath. I am coughing up phlegm which has sometimes had streaks of blood in it. I also got chills and then it goes into hot flushes. I am worried as to what this might be as It came on all of a sudden it is causing me to become very fatigued. I don\u2019t want this to impact on my daily life as I have children to support. I am usually a generally healthy person who eats a variety of a diet", "title": "I have a crushing chest pain making it difficult to breath?"}
{"text": "I suffer groin pain and slight burning sensation when urinating. Also have diarrhea that is been lasting for about 3 weeks now. What is wrong", "title": "I suffer from groin pain and slight burning sensation when urinating?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nI know you cna\u2019t really diagnose someone without seeing them, but I am really worried.I have recently had two CT scans, and they showed i have an enlarged spleen and enlarged axillary and chest lymph nodes. I\u2019m also getting heavy night sweats ( int he day now too), and have lost a lot of weight. I\u2019ve also developed reynauld\u2019s phenomenon in the past year ( I\u2019m 46 and nave had it before). I had some blood work done, and my c-reative protein level was high, my WBC and Lymph\nvalues were low. I\u2019m tired all the time ( not sleepy, just tired)I recently had a biopsy for lymphoma ( am waiting for the results), but I was wondering what else can cause these types of symptoms. As I was adopted, I don\u2019t know my parent\u2019s medical history, but two of my three childrne have autoimmune issues ( finbromyalgia and autoimmune ion channelopathy in nerve cells).Any input would be appreciated", "title": "CT scans show enlarged spleen and enlarged axillary and chest lymph nodes?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a male to female gender fluid person. Biologically a male, I dress in female attire from time to time. I\u2019m currently having near-blackout episodes directly linked to constrictive clothing. Specifically, I wear what amounts to a girdle with sew-in hip padding.  It\u2019s snug NOT tourniquet tight.  I get a headache & a feeling like I\u2019m not getting oxygen to my brain. It\u2019s more than a little scary thinking I\u2019m about to pass out. The issue has developed over the past 1.5 years or so. All history un-remarkable except high bp and I\u2019m on low dose beta blocker.  Checked my bp during events and its within normal range.  Obviously haven\u2019t done it lately except for brief times just to reconfirm its an ongoing issue", "title": "I\u2019m currently having near-blackout episodes, please advise?"}
{"text": "Dear doctor,\nI suspect I get a cervicogenic headache. Here are some symptoms:\n1) headache around a circle region above ear\n2) bad sleep quality\n3) poor memory\n4) great pain around neck and backHow could I confirm if this is a cervicogenic headache?\nI have been suffering such headache for a month. I really need your help. Thanks in advance.best regards,\n(\u2014\u2013", "title": "I suspect I have a cervicogenic headache?"}
{"text": "I woke up up yesterday with my right eye reddish in color today it is still reddish. Is this pinkeye and if so should I get it checked out", "title": "My right eye is reddish, is this pinkeye?"}
{"text": "I recently had some blood work done and wanted an opinion on the results. Wbc 2.6, auto neut 27.7, auto lymphs 16.4, auto mono 24.7, auto eos 0.4, abs neut 0.7, abs lymph 0.8, Ag ratio 1.0. So essentially everything is low except my monocytes. Can anyone explain to me what might cause that", "title": "My blood result monocytes are high. Can anyone explain to me what might cause that?"}
{"text": "My husband is having breathing problems, seems confused and is sleepy. He is taking OxyContin for ligament problems and bad back pain. What is the problem?", "title": "My husband is having breathing problems, seems confused and is sleepy, taking OxyContin what is the problem?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor I am 5 weeks 4 days pregnant. Please let me know if I need to increase thyroid dosage I am currently taking 50. Also the hcg levels look elevated to me is there a possibility of twins. Or does that indicate a singleton pregnancy? I am just wondering if it is multiples as it looks high to me but maybe it\u2019s normal for a single.Age: 25\nFemale\nMedications: Euthyrox 5", "title": "I am pregnant, is it twins and are my thyroid levels normal?"}
{"text": "I am suffering from anxiety and depression. And I have been diagnosed with clinical depression. What are the best anti-depression medications to cure me", "title": "I have been diagnosed with clinical depression what are the best anti-depression medications?"}
{"text": "i have had post nasal drip for two days and treating it with nasal inhaler and nedi pod. last night I woke up at 230 am with chills aches and pains and a fever of 101.5.  two hours later i broke out in the sweats and when  i woke up in the morning I felt fine and fever was gone. I got my flu shot in late October 2017.  What was this ?", "title": "Woke up with chills and fever, is it due to flu shot?"}
{"text": "I have a black toenail.  It just appeared a while ago I didn\u2019t bang it or anything and it doesn\u2019t hurt. I just noticed the black area seems to have spread a bit along the bottom of my nail. I obviously didn\u2019t want to waste a doctors time as it not sore. Was wondering what could cause it and if anything i could do or buy to sort it out. I have included a photo of it.Age: 41\nFemale\nMedications: Oxycontin, pregabalin, oramorph, amitriptyline, lidocaine patches\nGeneral Information: I have CRPS after sacral nerve injury from an operation that went very wrong. My left leg affected and currently immobile & housebound due to pain in my leg, hip and back", "title": "I have a black toenail,  what could cause it  and what could be done?"}
{"text": "My doctor prescribed predisone for my arthritis about 6 to 7 months back, now my vision is becoming blurred, I read on the internet that predisone can cause this, is that true?", "title": "Can prednisone cause my vision to get blurred?"}
{"text": "About a week ago, I hit my head. No signs of concussion, only a slight bruise that was tender to touch. This afternoon, while washing my face, when I went over that spot I experienced a pulling and tingling sensation directly back to the top of my scalp. This is the first day and it\u2019s happened any time I apply slight pressure to that spot. (ie: applying makeup) I had an aneurysm about 7 years ago and they glued the affected vessel with no further issues beyond minor numbness, in a couple of spots, on the left side. Is this something I should be concerned about or will it go away when the bruise is gone", "title": "I hit my head. No signs of concussion but still sensitive, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor. I have a pain in the middle of my stomach area. Gets worse after I eat and when I lye down. Pain also shoots back directly towards my back at that general area. Is it something serious. My sister also had the same problem and my grandmother too. Both had gallbladder problems. Do you think I may have the same problem. Thank you", "title": "Pain in stomach when I eat, is it something serious?"}
{"text": "Hello\u2026I am a 50 year old female. I was diagnosed with Type A influenza three weeks ago, on December 24, 2017. I continued to have the regular flu symptoms for several weeks and was experiencing quite a bit of coughing and some chest pain. I went to an urgent care center on January 9, 2018 to follow up, at which time they completed a two view chest X-ray, and I am attaching a copy of the results. The doctor indicated that I did not have pneumonia, but prescribed azithromycin to be safe, which has helped. He said I may have had bronchitis.  I just saw the chest X-ray results today and see that it mentions \u201cbronchial thickening\u201d which made me concerned (I suffer from health anxiety). Is this anything to be worried about? I did have a CT scan and ventilation perfusion (?) scan of my lungs back in 2005, which showed mild bronchiectasis in both lungs. I have never smoked, am in good health and have never had shortness of breath, etc.  Thank you for your assistance", "title": "I was diagnosed with Type A influenza with bronchial thickening, is this anything to be worried about?"}
{"text": "Im in  lyme remission after 2o yrs of Lyme. Several yrs ago I had to have a hysterectomy  bc of the damage from the Lyme.  Two months ago I\u2019ve started having acne breakouts that are around my jawline. Also for the past week I have the sensation of someone pulling my hair out. Could these maybe be menopause or something more serious", "title": "I have acne breakouts and head pain, is this caused by menopause?"}
{"text": "I feel a lump in my breast and I am worried sick that it may be cancer. It is located on the upper side towards my armpit. It is hard and shaped more like a triangle than round. About 1.5 centimeters. It is painless. I never noticed it before. Is it cancer", "title": "I have a lump in my breast, is it cancer?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2014-) and I\u2019m 22 years old. For the past few weeks I have been feeling strange. My heart is pounding like if it want to jump out of my chest. It lasts a few minutes and it stops. It happens a few times per day. On some days zero. I also feel dizzy sometimes. I also have been stressed lately and having sleeping problems. I sleep bad. 4 or 5 hours per day. Normally I sleep about about 9. Do I have a heart problem? Is this a heart attack", "title": "I feel my heart pounding with a little dizziness, am I having a heart attack or a heart problem?"}
{"text": "I have a problem with my nipple/areola, it is painful and often itchy. The skin is scaly and constantly looks like a rash or something. I have been to a doctor before and came away with cream for fungal infection. The doctor was unsure though and it\u2019s obviously still here.Age: 27\nFemale\nMedications: None\nGeneral Information: I have seen a doctor, given anti-fungal infection cream. Didn\u2019t clear u", "title": "I have a scaly rash on my chest, need a second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi there i am unsure if any of these could be related but, I am holiday in new zealand and the day before yesterday I got a nasty blister on my foot. Later that evening that swelled up. In the morning I woke to find that it had gone down but instead both my eyes were badly swollen so much it affected my eyesight. I also noticed that on my arms I had a bit of a red rash. It went down over a few hours and this morning the same eye swelling has happened again. Please hel", "title": "I got a nasty blister on my foot and I swelled up?"}
{"text": "For the previous 2 days I\u2019ve had a small pimple on my scrotum. It doesn\u2019t hurt, leak fluid, or itch. I\u2019ve had a past of ingrown hairs and I only wanted to confirm or a doctor to confirm this was another ingrown hair and nothing more serious. I\u2019d appreciate any type of feedback.Age: 39\nMale\nMedications: None\nGeneral Information: No \u2014 Well previously, but this one is new", "title": "Is this an ingrown hair or something more serious?"}
{"text": "6-8 weeks ago I had a UTI, the symptoms went away so I didn\u2019t give it any thought. About 3 weeks ago on and off I started having pain on the right side of my back, thought I pulled a muscle. This past week pain has gotten worse, Thursday night vomited, but not notice of fever. Went to urgent care this afternoon around 2 p.m. and received antibiotic for severe kidney infection. Between then and now the pain has gotten significantly worse. I know the antibiotic doesn\u2019t work that quick, but my worry is did I wait to long for an oral antibiotic to have any effect for several days. The smallest thing from talking, moving, bending, reaching for a glass sitting next to me, pretty much anything has me verbally moaning in pain", "title": "I had a UTI received antibiotic for severe kidney infection?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor, I am a 52 year old woman and I have this new beauty spot on my face, I am worried it may be more than just that, it seems to be growing, could it be cancer? Thanks alot for your answer.Age: 52\nFemale\nMedications: N", "title": "I have a spot on my face, can this be skin cancer?"}
{"text": "8.00pm uncontrollable shaking of the body from the neck down to the hips. Body and brain wants to explode. No balance when I stand up. Have a history of Pagets Disease in the lower lombar region. Aged 90+ omly take caltrate and Vit.D   This pain etc. has eased somewhat and it is now 10.30 am. Do I need medical attention", "title": "Uncontrollable shaking of the body from the neck down?"}
{"text": "My 12 year girl isn\u2019t feeling well for about two days now , she has a slight fever with some vomiting and diarrhea.\nIs there something that I should do for her", "title": "My 12 year old girl isn\u2019t feeling well?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 19 years old and am losing my hair like big time. Is that normal? Started to get bald spot up front. I am scared I will soon lose all the hair on top of my head. Everyone else in my family seems to be ok. No one had that problem at that age.", "title": "I am suffering from hair loss but I\u2019m only 19 years old, is that normal?"}
{"text": "i had a steroid injection at 2pm (it is now 12 hrs later) for a triggerfinger of my 3rd finger of my right hand.  The finger is even more contracted and somewhat numb.  the injection was painful and the site in the palm is slightly bruised.  Is this normal? when will the \u201ccontraction\u201d begin to improve", "title": "I had a steroid injection, when will I feel improvement?"}
{"text": "when it comes to mouth cold sores, is it the same virus that causes sores inside the mouth (cheeks gums tongue etc) as the one that causes on the outside of the mouth (lips edge)?  Why do some people present with exterior sores vs interior sores, and if you already experience interior sores but not exterior, are you likely to experience exterior lip sores if you are in contact/saliva exchange with someone who is symptomatic with exterior lip sores?Thanks", "title": "Is it the same virus that causes sores inside and outside the mouth?"}
{"text": "I have been having body wide muscle twitching for 4 or 5 days now. Pain in my neck when I turn a certain way. Crackling in my jaw and right leg when I move it. Very fatigued. Headaches. Could this be ALS? I\u2019m so scared and can\u2019t see anything else it could be. I haven\u2019t drank coffee in 3 days to see if that could be it. I also have ringing in my ears at time and some pain in my back. I feel really weak as well", "title": "I have been having body wide muscle twitching, is it ALS Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?"}
{"text": "My girlfriend and me were having sex when I noticed that my frenulum tore and I started to bleed. It stopped a few minutes later. Does my penis need stitches", "title": "I tore my frenulum and started to bleed, do I need stitches?"}
{"text": "I went to my doctor yesterday, he thinks I may have a thyroid problem and wants to send me do blood tests. But I am afraid of doing it. I have always hated the sight of blood even seeing it on TV is too much for me. and just the idea of getting a needle in me drives me out of my mind. i am afraid when they needle me I\u2019ll freak out and run or faint. Thinking of skipping the blood test. Is there something I can do. thanks", "title": "I am scared of getting a blood test, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I get headaches that last between 1 to 2 days. I have had theses headaches on an off for a year or more. They seem to get worse now. I have no other problems or pain anywhere, no eye problems, except pain in sinuses and top of face, cheeks and sometimes feel throbbing pain in ears when I get the headaches. I tried sinus medications but it doesn\u2019t help. What do you recommend", "title": "I have headaches that last between 1 to 2 days?"}
{"text": "Around the week of October 20th I took plan b (emergency contraception) 2 times. A couple days after the second time (maybe around 10/26) I got a short period, I have not had a period since, can this contraception mess my cycle up that much? Up until then i had a normal cycle, of course I have been stressing worrying about it but I have taken many pregnancy tests up until yesterday and all are negative. I just can\u2019t believe it\u2019s been two months with no period this hasn\u2019t happened before after taking it", "title": "Can a plan B contraception mess up your cycle?"}
{"text": "In the last year I have slowly lost my taste and smell. I can taste extreme  tastes like sugar and salt. This started in Dec ,\u201916 after a bad cold and has gotten worse since then. My teeth have gotten really bad in the last few years and I am going in for dentures. I am 76. Maybe you could tell me what has caused this\u2026\u2026(\u2014", "title": "I have slowly lost my taste and smell, what has caused this?"}
{"text": "Hello I have been losing weight lately without dieting, lost 20 lbs, Also have loss of appetite. Besides that all is fine. Don\u2019t feel any weakness. No extra stress or exercise. No pain. Nothing. What can be the problem", "title": "I have been losing weight lately without dieting, what can be the problem?"}
{"text": "I had lab work done to test for iron, and it showed high total iron and % saturation.  Should I see a doctor for this, or donate some blood, or not worry about it? (I uploaded the lab results.) I don\u2019t have any medical problems other than infrequent migraines.Age: 50\nFemale\nMedications: amitriptyline 20mg/daily for migraines\nGeneral Information: n", "title": "Lab results show high total iron and % saturation, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have spinal stenosis but have been working for many test using lumbar edidual blocks percocet lyrics and ambian A 50 pound peice of steel lad needs on my head damaged cervical faces Q1) I think it did a number on my back also it that possible\nQ)I use my back to compensate since my neck doesn\u2019t work well now I am cripled don\u2019t want to put wait on left leg without pain medicine way to sever    Again is this regaled to any accident I was doing well handicapped but working 55 hours a wee", "title": "I have spinal stenosis, an object struck my head, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am a 24 year old female and I have been feeling lots of stress and anxiety lately. I study during the day and work during the evenings. My question is I have been feeling pops and clicks at my hip joints when I move my hip and legs sideways and turn. It is not pain more like a funny light precise sensation. My joints at the elbows also seem to do the same thing sometimes. Could this be the signs of a problem? This worries me a lot", "title": "I have been feeling lots of stress and anxiety lately and experience hip joint problems?"}
{"text": "I have fever of 99 \u2013 101 and it changes throughout the day, body aches, severe headache over and around the eyes, feel tired and my back shoulders and back hurt. Feels like the flu \u2013 had it last year and turned out to be the flu. But after 5 days of these symptoms now found red skin rashes on my left leg this morning. Here is a photo for you. Not sure it is the flu now. Can it be some other disease? Your opinion would be highly appreciated.Age: 47\nMale\nMedications: Advi", "title": "I have a skin rash, fever and flu symptoms, is it the flu or something else?"}
{"text": "Hi there,\nMy name is (\u2014). For the past while, probably a year I\u2019ve had heart palpitations on and off, It feels like a beat is skipped in my chest and gives me a fright. Some days never and one day recently at least once every hour. I suffer with anxiety on and off, have had counseling, hypnotherapy etc which I\u2019m continuing with. But I\u2019ve read that anxiety can give palpitations? But when I get one I get very anxious so quite a vicious cycle. I have a massive fear of death, I also don\u2019t like being apart from my fianc\u00e9, so working 3 weeks away at a time, having a train, a small plane and a helicopter for a commute to work doesn\u2019t help things. These palpitations can come when.at rest, lying down, sitting, or during exercise (I\u2019ve noticed more recently). I\u2019ve also read exercise can cause palpitations. I was just wondering if this is anything to worry about or is it due to my anxiety? I\u2019m not going to collapse due to a heart attack from them? Any help very much appreciate", "title": "For the past year I\u2019ve had heart palpitations on and off, this is anything to worry about?"}
{"text": "I had a bad cold with some sort of sinus infection that lasted 2 weeks. Now I am perfectly fine the cold is finally gone but I seem to have a slight red blood like spots in tissue paper when I wipe my nose. Looks like reddish transparent liquid. Not much. Is it because of my cold or is it something else", "title": "After sinus infection, is it normal for nose to bleed?"}
{"text": "i\u2019m trying to have a baby with my wife since last 1 year with o luck so far, can you please check if my semen report is normal or not.\nI showed to my wife\u2019s doctor and she said sperm cells are strong but there is some kind of infection (puss) in it that kills the good sperm cells and thats the reason we are not conceiving and she gave me some medication for 5 days to treat that infection(puss) but we had no luck even after that and then i showed this report to a Hakeem (homeopathic doctor) and he said my sperm cells are very weak to conceive so im confused now what is the problem in my semen analysis report, can you please check and advise me if i should be taking any medication or not. thanksAge: 32\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I\u2019m trying to have a baby with my wife, here\u2019s lab report?"}
{"text": "I sleep on a thin foam mattress which has given me back issues in the past but just mild discomforting pain. I sleep on the side and my back through the night. Last week for two nights I started sleeping in the other direction (180 degrees change) and I slept that way 2 nights in a row and since then I have had this lower left back pain and lowest left rib area. When I sneeze or cough I can feel the pain. I haven\u2019t taken anything for it yet. When I pulled a door, I could feel the pain in the lower left back again. I pulled the door with my left hand", "title": "I have had this lower left back pain and lowest left rib area, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hello, I had sex with a person about two days ago. I had shaved my penis during the morning, and after shaving I had used coconut oil. That same night (12 hours later) I had protected sex. I didn\u2019t wash off the coconut oil. Do you think it could\u2019ve damaged the condom even after that long", "title": "Can oil damage a condom?"}
{"text": "I have been diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer, spread to brain, other lung and hip bone. Been on Carboplatin for 4 months but cancer has continued to develop. Radiation therapy for brain is keeping it under control, what would be the next step for chemo", "title": "Initial chemotherapy for stage 4 lung cancer failed, what is next chemo to use?"}
{"text": "I have an 11 year old girl, she suffers from burning and stinging pain and \u201cclicking\u201d in quadriceps. She has been suffering from this pain since she was little. It usually occurs after physical sports activities. She had had x rays, MRI and blood tests but nothing has been found. Please help.Age: 11\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "My daughter suffers from unexplained pain in quadriceps, what can it be?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 67 years old with an enlarged prostrate. I\u2019ve taken tamsulosin 2x a day for 5 years but the problem has gotten to the point that I admit that I need to take more effective measures. Because I also have a 2mm stone in my bladder my urologist says TURP is the procedure of choice. My question is this, is it obvious that TURP is the way to go or are there alternative procedures to explore? My urologist is quite competent but he is semi-retired \u201cold school\u201d and I\u2019m not confident that he knows about the most recent developments in the field", "title": "Is Transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP) the right procedure?"}
{"text": "I recently had surgery to confuse five vertebrae in my neck the problem is is my incision started to create a big hole looks like it was infected my surgeon told me it was not infected but he put me on antibiotics anyway. So I have this big gaping hole it is exposing my spinal cord and my spine.I\u2019ve had surgery once to correct it and close the incision, he cleaned it out and closed the incision and stitched it. Well the hole has returned. I was supposed to go out of town to a plastic surgeon to close the incision again but I haven\u2019t heard back from my surgeon\u2019s office for 2 days. What is my risk of infection from my having my spine exposed? I like my surgeon and I don\u2019t believe that he\u2019s trying to hurt me in any way, but should I be seeking second opinion or another doctor to close this incision and should I be doing it faster than it\u2019s being done? it\u2019s now been seven days since the last time I was in surgery to have it closed", "title": "I had spine surgery exposing my spine, is there risk of infection?"}
{"text": "Hello. I have unexplained marks on both of my lower legs. I had pain in my right leg earlier last week. But not for sure if one is connected to the other. I have been feeling sick and recently just had sinus surgery in dec. And gallbladder removed in june. About 3 days ago I noticed marks on both legs. Its it something i should be worried about? What type of doctor should I see and will this go away. Please helpAge: 36\nFemale\nMedications: vitamin d, nexium, trulance\nGeneral Information: Gallbladder removed sinus surgery gastic upset chronic constipatio", "title": "I have unexplained marks on both of my lower legs?"}
{"text": "Can I have a stomach bug without vomit or diarrhea? The last 2-3 days had bad pains extremely nauseas. I\u2019ve been taking zofran because I have a fear of throwing up but I\u2019m not sure without diarrhea what else it could be. I have anxiety but this isn\u2019t my normal anxiety nausea and I\u2019ve been around people recovering from a bug. And will suppressing it with zofran make it worse? I can handle diarrhea but that\u2019s not happening either so I\u2019m confused", "title": "Can I have a stomach bug without vomit or diarrhea?"}
{"text": "I Have had a fever for 5 Days 104 \u2013 104.5  degrees . I suspect it  may be caused by a tooth infection since my gums are swollen and has minor tooth  pain .Two weeks ago  I also had a  recent stomach ulcer surgery procedure and a follow up scope last week.  Should I wait it out or do I need to go to hospital and get IV antibiotics and make sure the Stomach repair is not causing the high fever", "title": "I Have had a fever for 5 days, should I go to hospital?"}
{"text": "I have positive rapd and inflammation of the optic nerve, should I be worried?  After a visit to the doctor with headaches nausea and fatigue and a visit to my optician as I was suffering blurred vision in my left eye, I was referred to the opthamologist where they discovered the rapd and inflammation.  I was sent for a ct scan the same day and have a follow up appointment in two weeks.  I\u2019m so worried that it\u2019s something serious ( thanks to google) it\u2019s freaking me out.  I\u2019m 35 with 3 children.  They checked my blood pressure which was 137/40, she said it was a bit on the high side for my age, any advice would be appreciated", "title": "I have positive Relative afferent pupillary defect (RAPD) and inflammation of the optic nerve, should I be worried?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 3 weeks pregnant and my hch (hcg) level only went up 139mIU I need 69 hours. I was in the emergency room with crams after intercourse and I was spotting prior to the visit. They said I was pregnant and a few days later my hcg levels went from 200 to 514. 68 hours after the last blood work was done, they are at 615", "title": "I\u2019m 3 weeks pregnant and my hcg level only went up 139mIU, please advice?"}
{"text": "Hi. I had one toe run over by a heavy baby stroller,  (the right big toe) . However, in the past few days I have developed blood under the left big toe nail too.  The traumatic injury was about 9 days ago and the other tow started hurting about 3 days ago.Could these be just traumatic injuries or possibly something else? Luckily I have some time off to heal, but if it needs intervention , better now that later, as I go to (\u2014\u2013) January 7th.Age: 37\nMale\nMedications: Edaybclor\nGeneral Information: Non", "title": "Do I have traumatic toe injuries or can this be something else?"}
{"text": "I get pain \u2013 like an attack \u2013 under my chest where my ribs join and stomach pain, hot and cold flashes sometimes accompanied by fever and general aches. Also feel nauseous. Usually get these attacks at night. I had many of them  6 if I remember correctly. Can it be anxiety? What can it be", "title": "Hot and cold flashes, chest and stomach pain, is it anxiety?"}
{"text": "Hello,\n  I have a question about hair transplants. I am 23 years old and I am beginning to lose my hair. My hairline is starting to recede. Just wondering if I can get a hair transplant done of my receding hairline. Is there a minimum which can be done or not. Are there any risks involved. Please explain. Is it a good idea or a bad idea? Looking for some objective opinion", "title": "Hair transplant for a 23 year old, is it a good or bad idea?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with hepatitis when I went to the er for extreme flu symptoms. I had already stopped drinking at that point because of been so sick with the flu. The Dr only caught the hepatitis as I was about to leave. He said it should be monitored. So my question is, would they have seen that I have cirrhosis at that point? It says hepatitis on the discharge papers. Does that mean that I don\u2019t have cirrhosis? I hope you understand my question. Lo", "title": "I was diagnosed with hepatitis, could it not be cirrhosis?"}
{"text": "me and boyfriend have question.  For the past week or two Ive had slight sore throat.  No other symptoms.  After performing oral sex, the soar throat seems worse through the night and into the next morning.last night he said when we were having sex, his penis itched to the point that he had to stop and scratch it.  Then he said it felt like sawdust\u2026 kinda scratchy like that a sensation of sawdust.   I didn\u2019t experience this but again, the sore throat intensified after sex.we were broken up for two weeks, had other partners (one each) but used condoms with those instances.  Maybe unrelated (the throat and penis itching)  but odd as again, we do not have any other symptoms.  typically a sore throat would advance to other illness or go away.  Physical appearance of both genitals are fine and no discomfort for wither of us during regular daily activit", "title": "Experiencing sore throat and unusual itching, what can it be?"}
{"text": "Hello Doctors, my name is (\u2014) I am 29 years old and I am alcoholic and dependent on drugs. I use cocaine daily. And I am a very heavy drinker too. I won\u2019t go into details but I can\u2019t keep a job, have lost all my friends and my family has had pretty much enough of me. I need to stop drinking and doing cocaine and get my life together again. Can you please give me your opinion. How can I stop my addiction. Should I go to a drug and alcohol rehab center. I live in the USA. Are there any rehabilitation centers in the North East you can recommend. I really want a new beginning and put an end to my addiction or should I say addictions! What should I do? Thank you in advance.", "title": "I am alcoholic and dependent on drugs, should I go to an alcohol and drug rehab center?"}
{"text": "I am afraid I may have Mesothelioma Cancer, I suffer from shortness of breath and have chest pain. I worked in a factory which used lots of different types of materials. I think asbestos may have been one of them. I don\u2019t know what mesothelioma treatment options are available nor what my resources are. I already received a letter from a specialized mesothelioma law firm saying that I may be affected and want to meet with me. What should I do next", "title": "Is it Mesothelioma Cancer? I have shortness of breath and chest pain?"}
{"text": "I have hypertension and am currently taking Aldomet 250 mg, Minax 50 mg, Irbesartan 300 mg, Physiotens 0.02 and 0.04 mg, Dithiazide 12.5 mg, Two to Three years ago I developed three pulmonary embolisms in my right lung, I did have a DVT in my left leg, also I had a clot in the rectus sheath due to a bleeder, the clot was the size of a baseball which has since been reabsorbed , I am on life long warfarin, varying dosage depending on INR results , which have been 2.3 \u2013 2.9, I have some white matter on my brain which is dying, picked up by an MRI. I am seeing a Dr, I have been sent to Neurologists for dizziness, light-headedness and headaches, no Vertigo or ear problems, he said it was too much blood pressure medication. I am a male 70 years of age, 135kgs and 180cms high. I am breathless most of the time , I have sleep apnoea using a C-Pap machine with oxygen, I am also a type 2 diabetic controlled by Ezetrol 10 mg. My B/P readings have been 162/101, 175/110, 168/111, mainly in the morning, it drops during the day but not enough for my liking. My Dr asked me to stop taking the Aldomet and Dithiazide to see what my blood pressure readings would be, as I said, they are elevated. I have a home monitor and my wife is an ex nurse takes my B/P three/four times a day in different positions. I do have headaches when it is up. I would prefer to take just one tablet BD if possible. Any advice you can give me would be appreciated. Many Thanks. (\u2014", "title": "I have hypertension, my Dr asked me to stop taking Aldomet and Dithiazide, please advise?"}
{"text": "Over the past year I suffer from intermittent pelvic pain. I had a ultrasound quite some time ago that showed I have hemorrhagic cysts located on my ovaries. i have had these cysts throughout my adult life so that doesn\u2019t worry me but the pelvic pain does. Please tell me what can be causing this pain I experience", "title": "Ultrasound shows Hemorrhagic ovarian cyst (HOC), but also suffer from pelvic pain?"}
{"text": "Can you please tell me what these test results mean? 73 yr old African American woman.  Study ResultECHO Narrative\n\u00b7 The left ventricular systolic function is normal, ejection fraction is\n60-65%.\n\u00b7 The left ventricular cavity size is normal.\n\u00b7 Left ventricular diastolic function is abnormal. Mild (grade I) showing\nimpaired relaxation.\n\u00b7 The right ventricular cavity size and systolic function is/are normal.\n\u00b7 There is moderate mitral annular calcification present.\n\u00b7 There is aortic valve calcification present.\n\u00b7 Mild tricuspid and aortic regurgitation.\n\u00b7 Mildly elevated RVSP at 37 mmHg.\n\u00b7 No prior study for comparison.Age: 73\nFemale\nMedications: Vitamin", "title": "I had ECHOCARDIOGRAM, please explain results?"}
{"text": "My mom recently had an MRI done to check for inner ear issues. Nothing was found\u2026..with that. However, the MRI showed \u201cmild to moderate subcortical vessel disease (SVD)\u201d. What does this mean? I\u2019ve tried to do some reading online. Does this mean she has vascular dementia? Or any kind of dementia? She has symptoms of,  mood changes, saying inappropriate things (like just coming across as rude), repeating the same story 2 or 3 times within a 48 hour period,  gait changes\u2026smaller stride, urinary incontinence,  dizziness like feel all of the time.She\u2019s healthy otherwise no diabetes, she did have a slightly high blood pressure but has been on medication for years. So, does she only have SVD? From the way I read it online, because she has those symptoms, she has the type of dementia that goes with SVD.   I can\u2019t get her to a neurologist until late February and I am very worried about her. Please help", "title": "MRI shows subcortical vessel disease (SVD), is this vascular dementia and what does this mean?"}
{"text": "Always had an eating problem but for the last couple of years been ok. Now started all over again. can\u2019t keep anything in me, go to the washroom right after. What should I do?", "title": "Having eating problems, can\u2019t keep food in me, please advise?"}
{"text": "I was at gymnastics last night and I landed weird after a tumbling pass..I heard/felt a pop in my knee but didn\u2019t think anything of it at the time because it didn\u2019t really hurt, it did swell quite a lot though, it\u2019s the afternoon after and I can\u2019t even start to bend my knee w/o excruciating pain please help me ou", "title": "I heard/felt a pop in my knee, I can\u2019t even start to bend my knee w/o excruciating pain?"}
{"text": "I had overused a penile pump over 5 days 10 days ago and my penis is still cold and not sensitive to the touch.  The color is kind of pale.  It isn\u2019t responding for any erection.  It is limp.  Will it recover?  Should I be worried?   Thank you for the help", "title": "I had overused a penile pump, should I be worried?"}
{"text": "I woke up with a stabbing pain in my right shoulder blade in my back, next day had same pain but pain also started in up part of the back of arm and that evening, I could not grip with my thump and index finger, dropped coffee cup, and lower arm up from pinky finger is numb. Two weeks later still have bad pain under shoulder blade in back and in back of upper arm. I am a Diabetic, A1c is 7.3 and I take high blood pressure meds and have a sluggish thyroid I take meds for", "title": "I woke up with a stabbing pain in my right shoulder, after 2 weeks still have pain?"}
{"text": "I am suffering extreme right arm muscle pain when I try to raise my arm over and above right shoulder.\nCan hardly put any weight on it without suffering. tried different treatments with virtually no positive effect.\nTried steroid injections, advil, anti inflammation pills. Just wondering what this may be and what to do", "title": "Suffering extreme right arm muscle pain when I try to raise my arm"}
{"text": "I suffer from Generalized Anxiety Disorder and am having multiple severe panic attacks a day. I am currently taking Zoloft 100mg which isn\u2019t making a difference. But on top of that I\u2019ve been becoming significantly more fatigued and exhausted during the day doing day to day tasks. I\u2019ve been gaining weight and am struggling to shed the kilos I\u2019ve put on.\nMy question is could my multiple panic attacks a day be causing adrenal fatigue?", "title": "I suffer from Anxiety Disorder, could my multiple panic attacks cause adrenal fatigue?"}
{"text": "I had fever and vomiting about four weeks ago. I shed about 4 Kg. Now I am feeling well but I have had blood tests done and the results show my cholesterol and liver enzymes are pretty high. i also have swollen lymph nodes on neck near top of spine. What can this be? Just wondering if its cancer or some type of other disease or infection", "title": "My cholesterol and liver enzymes are high and was feeling sick?"}
{"text": "Developed an allergic reaction all over the right side of my face after having my upper right side lip pierced.\nI am red, itchy and it burns. Some small bumps are showing up here and there on that side of the face as well as swelling. What should I do", "title": "Developed an allergic reaction after having my upper right side lip pierced, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I have stomach pain in the upper left. I feel bloated and when I eat it hurts. What could it be.  I also have chest pain when I breath in. It hurts in the middle left of ,my chest. And am short of breath, feel tired all the time, my hands hurt. Dr did ekg n it said possible septal infarct. And minor inferior repolarization disturbance consider ischemia Lv overload or aspecific change.  Flat or low negative T in aVF with negative T in lll bordline ecg.  What\u2019s that mean", "title": "EKG indicates possible septal infarct and minor inferior repolarization, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am a cross country skier and have gout in big toe. For the past week I developed pain in big toe but I kept on skiing on it. I only found out today that I had gout. The inflammation is now gone but pain persists. Should I have stopped, did I make my gout worse? Will the pain continue? For how long", "title": "I suffer from gout and pain in big toe (hallux), how long will pain last?"}
{"text": "Left flank pain due to Congenital PUJ obstruction. Both kidney function are normal. 4 renal scans have been done. Some doctors advice surgery. Some say surgery not needed. Flank pain is frequent and bothersome. My age is 38 years and I am a Male.", "title": "Left flank pain due to Congenital Pelvi-ureteric junction (PUJ) obstruction, is surgery needed?"}
{"text": "I did a blood test 7 months back and it yielded a\nRBC =5.97 10E12/L\nHGB =16.3 g/L\nHCT 49.3 %\nI did a retest again 7 months later to the test mentioned above at the result was\nRBC =5.81 10E12\nHGB =16.8 g/l\nHCT =51.9 % Does the results indicate something abnormal ??", "title": "I did a blood test 7 months back, is there something abnormal?"}
{"text": "For the past three years I have had long term exposure to low/medium levels of hydrogen sulfide due to improper ventilation that sucked sewer gases into my apartment, but only recently found out about this problem and fixed it. During this time I have experienced numbness, dizziness, tingling, muscle cramps etc. and now ascribe that to the sewer gas, which is known to cause such problems. I now also experience fasciculations, up until last week mostly in the hypothenar of the left hand. After that had gone on for approx. three weeks there appeared an indent in that muscle. I noticed about a week ago that legs appear thinner than usual, and since about a week I now have fasciculations in the legs. These fasciculations appear sporadically in small defined areas, usually one twitch in a certain area of one leg followed rapidly by another twitch in another area, etc. at a rapid pace, and it is usually worse when sitting. I still have the cramps and numb/tingling sensations. Please note that I have not been worried about serious diseases during the development of these symptoms, so they cannot be caused by anxiety. I have read that hydrogen sulfide exposure may cause nerve damage and even ALS, and I am now (again, only *now*) scared to death that this is what I have. I see no point in seeing a neurologist since if I have it there is no cure. I would just like to know what you make of the symptoms", "title": "I experience fasciculations not anxiety related, can it be due to hydrogen sulfide exposure?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 49 year old born male who for over 30 years has believed I was born in the wrong body. After a few purges of clothes I have started buying clothes and appx 1 month ago started buying moisturising cream (olay) and had and nail cream (elizabeth arden) and started using them.\nI also bought Natures own Fenugreek tablets, Cenovis Women\u2019s Hair, Skin & Nails tablets and Cenovis Prostrate Health Saw Palmetto 3200 tablets\nI had read that these herbs assist in the development and growth of breasts and I felt I needed to do that.\nAfter 3 weeks I noticed I was getting an occasional headache and having some blackhead pimple breakouts on my chest, neck and face. I stopped taking the tablets and using the creams last Friday and have had more breakouts and have had some severe headaches. My left breasts is slightly bigger but my right remains unchanged.\nOn Monday night I had a dream about speaking to my elderly mother about transitioning(as the reaction from my family has been the thing that has stopped me doing anything due to their religious & homophobic views)when I woke up in the morning and went to the bathroom I had an attack. I saw myself in the mirror, froze, started crying uncontrollably and then tried to find a knife to remove my penis as I hate it and always have. There were no knives in bathroom and when i left the bathroom to go to kitchen to get one i just fell in a heap on the floor of the bedroom crying and I didn\u2019t go any further with that (I can say now thankfully, as I don\u2019t want to self harm).\nWould the combination of tablets and removing myself from them have contributed to this episode and do the tablets or the creams account for the pimple breakouts?\nI\u2019d like to continue taking the tablets and I feel I have to transition to be happy but am concerned that these may not be the best thing if it would cause future episodes like this. Are these tablets safe to continue ad would the creams be causing the breakouts, if so what should i do?\nthanks for your hel", "title": "I had an attack after taking Fenugreek tablets and other pills, please advise?"}
{"text": "I had a CT of my chest and abdomen. I was injected intravenously with iodine contrast twice. The next day I was having constant palpitations, my heart felt like it was racing and bogged down. I was short of breath and lightheaded, I also felt a weird pressure in the arteries in my neck. I was having mood swings and very stressed and depressed. This was constant for a week and a few episodes the next week. This week, the third week seems to be more frequent. I read that iodine contrast can trigger hyperthyroidism, since they injected me twice I think it is probably the case. How long will this last and do I just wait it out? It feels awful. I emailed my Dr and she just said to drink a lot of water to flush it out, I don\u2019t see how that can help", "title": "I was injected intravenously with iodine for CT scan, now having side effects?"}
{"text": "I am seeking employment and need to get tested for drug use. I take Adderall for ADHD Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, will it show up positive on a drug test. In particular will it show up positive as amphetamine and methamphetamine usage", "title": "I take Adderall for Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), will it show up positive on a drug test?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m writing about red rashes along one side of my butt and scrotum that I\u2019ve had for around a week. They are painful but not severe and itchy but not as bad as a mosquito bite. You can get a better idea by looking at the photo attached. Also I\u2019m celibate so know its not an STD, and no trauma, travel, or anything out of the ordinary has happened. Any idea whats going on? Also please respond to my email and keep confidential not posting online or to others. Thank you.Age: 30\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have red rashes, what can it be?"}
{"text": "I have inflammation of my meso rectal fat. No evidence of Proctitis\nI need a colonoscopy\nWhat does that mean?I have been looking through the internet but am unable to get an answer without mention of Rectal CancerI would be grateful if someone could explain", "title": "I have inflammation of my meso rectal fat, what does that mean?"}
{"text": "I have always had a problem with fluid retention and take medicine for it.  Last summer I started having a rapid pulse for no obvious reason.  Since I have hypothyroidism my doctor lowered my dose of medicine.  That worked for a short time but then the rapid post came back so again my dose of medicine was lowered.  This happened three times and I was referred to an endocrinologist who felt that the lower dose I was on was appropriate.  Now my rapid pulse has returned.  I did some research and learned that if I was dehydrated it would also cause a rapid pulse.  Since I am tired all the time and unable to lose weight I am concerned that my thyroid medicine does is not correct.  My problem may stem from dehydration as it seems every time I am admitted to the hospital for some other reason I am told I am dehydrated.  I am 77 years old and have CLL and am on Imbruvica for that plus many other medical problems including stage three kidney disease.  Is it correct that I could be retaining fluid while at the same time being dehydrated. I try to drink as much fluid as I can but obviously it must not be enough.  I am afraid if I go to my doctor they are just going to lower the thyroid medicine again and if they do that I will probably be sleeping 20 hours a day due to tiredness", "title": "Is it correct that I could be retaining fluid while at the same time being dehydrated?"}
{"text": "Hello. I\u2019ve experienced sinus pressure in the face for many years (I think 8-10). The pressure is right behind the top of the nose and also in the ears. My breathing is slightly restricted. I was told I have a deviated septum and enlarged turbinates and I think possibly a nasal polyp. I\u2019m a classically-trained singer, and, for some reason, singing makes it feel significantly better (although when I\u2019m singing poorly, it makes it worse). Benadryl helps it somewhat (but definitely not all the way) and I do remember the symptoms basically vanishing once when I took an oral steroid (although nasal corticosteroids don\u2019t do much). I can actually relieve much of the pressure simply by pulling my nostrils apart (or using a nasal strip), but that\u2019s obviously not cutting at the root cause", "title": "I have a deviated septum and enlarged turbinates and I think possibly a nasal polyp, what can be done?"}
{"text": "I have been experiencing flu symptoms for over a week and am concerned about how long this will last. I have missed 7 days of work. First 4 days I spent in bed with chills, congestion, head and body aches, cough, not eating. Then for about 3 days continued congestion, productive cough, chills/sweats. Still very sick but not as sick as the first 4 days.  I now feel worse again past 2 days and this morning. Cough worse, headache, chest congestion, and fatigue today. No difficulty breathing. I have not been in to see my physician. Clinic is overloaded and i have no insurance. We are treating with rest, fluids and cold/cough medicine. Initially was told duration could be 1-2 weeks. Wondering what to expect next!! Because I\u2019m not getting better, I\u2019m getting worse.\nTHANK you\n(\u2014", "title": "Experiencing flu symptoms for over a week, how long this will last?"}
{"text": "I have been coughing for about a month. Two weeks ago my tonsils swell up and my throat became extremely painful, for which I received antibiotics. This worked fast and the inflamed tonsils are gone. However, now that I have completed the antibiotics cure about a week ago, I am still coughing and I have these white spots in the back of my throat. What do I have that was not cured by the antibiotics? Thank you!Age: 21\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "After antibiotic treatment, I still have white spots in throat?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctor.\nIt is very hard that fleas infests in genital area like labia minora after having a relationship with a friend in London .\nI can not get rid of labia pain and Itching very much and It is getting worser\neven applied cream, can not get cured\nWhat kind of medicine should I apply to kill fleas and eggs parasitizing the vulva?\nThank you", "title": "What kind of medicine should I apply to kill fleas and eggs in genital area?"}
{"text": "hi, i\u2019ve had a mark on my leg for around 6/7 weeks, i\u2019m not sure how it got there, but i\u2019m worried it is a form of skin cancer as it is similar to some photos i\u2019ve seen. It hasn\u2019t gotten any smaller, i\u2019m not sure if it has gone slightly bigger, but when i am hot, it goes more red", "title": "Skin rash or is this spot skin cancer?"}
{"text": "I went to the washroom and urinated blood for a second. Then blood stopped and I continued to urinate normal like. What can this be?  Is this because I have an enlarged prostate", "title": "Urinated blood for a second, is this caused by my enlarged prostate?"}
{"text": "My mother was brought to the ER because of vomiting and difficulty breathing. The doctors found there was water in the lungs. She is in critical condition. What is the best course of action", "title": "My mother has water in her lungs and in critical condition, what is the best course of action?"}
{"text": "First is dizziness and nausea with occasional balance issues. Worse when lying down and moving head different directions. Blurry vision getting worse. Severe fatigue and weaknesses throughout body. Shortness of breath when bending over. Not sleeping well. Also very concerned about lymph nodes being swollen. Especially in my groin on both sides. Never had this happen before. They are swollen and tenderness to touch. Also painful at times like when I move my legs a certain way. They have been this way for at least 4 weeks. Haven\u2019t went away at all, just seem to be getting worse.Lastly, I have lumps appearing all over my body. Some I\u2019ve had for years but a lot of new ones are popping up everywhere. Some are growing, some are painful when touched or when I move. I recently found a lump in my right breast. I\u2019m in a lot of pain all over my body. I feel so tired and hurt and feel weak almost everyday. My hands and legs go numb. I can\u2019t find a doctor who will listen to me. One other thing, sometimes I have urinary retention problems. Its hard to urinate and empty bladder completely. Most of these things I have been complaining about for the past 4 years. Everything is getting worse. I don\u2019t know what to do", "title": "I have lumps and lymph nodes swollen, feel tired and other symptoms, please advise?"}
{"text": "I had undergone electrocautery for genital warts some weeks ago and have follow ups as well. As of now my Dr said that my wounds from the surgery have healed good and also just had my pap smear results and it was negative or normal however suggestive of bacterial vaginosis. I am currently on antibiotics for bv. My concern is the Dr doesn\u2019t want me having sex with my partner who still has genital warts. The Dr is also intent on doing the electrocautery for my partner too but i think he is hesitant. My question is if my partner chose not to do the surgery, will i get genital warts again? Are we just going to pass it to each other back and forth? Please help", "title": "I had electrocautery to remove genital warts, should my partner do the same?"}
{"text": "Recently found I am positive carrier for the blood antigen kell. I am a 25 year old women and was curious if I should be concerned in regards to donating blood or receiving blood. For instance if I needed a blood transfusion. Or if somebody didn\u2019t have the kell antige", "title": "I am positive carrier for the Kell antigen, can I donate or receive blood?"}
{"text": "Hi, Doctor,\nI am 25 yrs. Old guy who was diagnosed with an epididymal cyst with size of 23*28 mm on the right testicle,\nThe doctor I visited told me I need to remove that cyst ASAP via surgery to avoid infection or anything that could make the problem worse.\nI read that that kind of cysts doesn\u2019t need surgery unless they become very painful.\nI also read that the epididymis might get harmed during the surgery but my doctor said it won\u2019t affect fertility.!\nI\u2019m so confused about what I should do & I rely on your advice.\nThank you so much.Age: 25\nMale\nMedications: Nothing\nGeneral Information: Nothin", "title": "I have a cyst on testicle, should I get it removed surgically?"}
{"text": "I had a liver transplant in 2005, and the resulting ascites gave me many stretchmarks on my back and stomach. Now that I will have a bit more money and some better health insurance pretty soon, I am willing to pay a bit to have a procedure done to reduce or remove them. What is the best procedure, or what is the best OTC product that I should use to reduce these stretchmarks as much as possible", "title": "I had a liver transplant, how can I remove stretchmarks on my back and stomach?"}
{"text": "I think I have a boil on my left side of my butt it hurts extremely like it\u2019s swollen up I don\u2019t know how to treat this I tried hot towel pressure but it doesn\u2019t work. Do I need to go to the doctors or can I fix this at homeAge: 21\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a boil on my skin, how can I treat it?"}
{"text": "I am I need of help for my 15 year old daughter. Since she was 2 she has been getting migraines. Done took her to a doctor when she was little and they said it was migraines and it was heredity. Ok these past 2 weeks she has had this pain in the front of for head and then it travels to the base of her head. She says it\u2019s a constant pain. I have givin her Tylenol 3, ibriphone, excederine, and it don\u2019t help. But along with that she could barely eat. Then all she wants to do is sleep. She will get home from school and go to sleep and that\u2019s about 530 and will sleep til the next morning. Please help me", "title": "My daughter has migraines since she was 2 years old, now getting worse?"}
{"text": "I went to my Dr with chronic diarrhea.  It has been an issue on and off for several months but in the last two months it has been constant.  I had bloodwork done and my liver enzymes were elevated and my Dr is sending me for a liver ultrasound and a colonoscopy.  I am also experiencing very dry skin, eyes and especially my mouth.  The mouth dryness is on the inside of the lips and around the outside of the tongue.  It feels like I have burnt my mouth but I haven\u2019t.  I wake up in the morning with stiff joints in my hands and feet.  I am extremely tired.  I sleep 10-11 hours a night and feel I need more.  I am 60 and had a complete hystrecomy at the age of 44 and I not on any hormone replacements or no other medication", "title": "I am extremely tired, suffer from chronic diarrhea, stiff joints, please advise?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 29 yrs. / female. I\u2019ve troubles with my cholesterol levels and my weight. the problem started after I took these medicines (eltroxin 50 mcg,deltavit b12,inegy 10/20) for only one month starting from 1st June 2016, I gained 25 kg in 16 months even I work out three times a week and my eating habits never changed. I attached my blood tests history before and after the medicines.Age: 29\nFemale\nMedications: eltroxin 50 mcg,deltavit b12,inegy 10/20, now I\u2019m just taking Omega-3\nGeneral Information: 4/12/2017 I had a pelvi-abdominal sonography only comment was \u201cfatty liver\u201d, Sometimes I\u2019ve slight pain in my waist (right side). I experience pain in my feet (lower back) when I wake up in the morning, it disappears after couple of minutes", "title": "I have unusual weight gain problems, what is the cause?"}
{"text": "I got a pneumonia vaccine 2 days ago and the first night I started having a high pitched cough with trouble talking sometimes. Is this normal? I have also had a flu vaccine and tetanus vaccine on the same day. Should I be worried about this high pitched cough and sometimes having trouble speakin", "title": "I received a pneumonia, flu, tetanus vaccine, is my reaction normal?"}
{"text": "I am 65 yr old i had a vasectomy 40 years ago. And about 3 yr ago I had blood in the semen. A urologist gave me Procar 5 mg and it slowly stoped after 2 1/2 years. Then it was just a small amount of clear flood, and now it has a tint of red in the flood. I did not think the Doctor took it very seriously. Will it just go away in time? thank you", "title": "I had a vasectomy now have blood in my semen (seminal fluid), will it stop?"}
{"text": "I had a vaginal hysterectomy with removal of ovaries 3 weeks ago. I am now getting pain in the groin region during bladder and bowel movements and have just noticed bleeding from the vagina. Is this normal or should i return to the hospital? I am based in Germany and it is not so simple. Thank yo", "title": "I had a vaginal hysterectomy with removal of ovaries, now bleeding?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having a strange sensation in my throat since November of 2016. At first, I thought it was a stomach virus since I was feeling very nauseous during that time. However, when the nausea stopped, I was left with a feeling of throat tightness. I didn\u2019t vomit during that time. It has now been a year, and I feel it occasionally on and off. Sometimes it\u2019s possible to ignore, but other times it\u2019s very strong. It feels like I\u2019m pressing my fingers on the cartilage in my throat (where the Adams Apple would be on a male) and the tight sensation can be felt up to my tongue. It\u2019s not as common, but another symptom I feel is a sort of spasm at the back of my throat. The best way to describe it is the sensation you feel when you are about to gag. But, I don\u2019t gag. It lasts for a few seconds, then goes away.      I can drink, eat, speak and breathe with no problem. For a time, it did affect my appetite, and I lost weight very rapidly due to not eating much. I suspect it might be stress or anxiety related since my symptoms seem to show up when my anxiety starts to act up. My other guess it can be related to heartburn. Symptoms show up also after really bad heartburn. Any ideas what it can be? Thank you", "title": "I feel a pressure on the cartilage in my throat, any ideas what it can be?"}
{"text": "I have severe anemia (lack of iron in blood) my test results were 3 and it should have been at 89 and am wondering what are my options? I have been taking an all natural organic liquid iron 4x a day and my levels have not gone up in 8 or 9 months! What can i do", "title": "I have severe anemia, what can I do?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m having a problem with my sinuses and major headaches and also occasional nose bleeds. Sometimes i get pressure on the right side of my nose and the pain causes the right side of my face to swell and my teeth to hurt where i can not even close my mouth. Then with the headaches i take medicines but it might soothe it for like 1hr and come right back 10x harder, also with the nose bleeds it can happen depending on the severity of my headaches. Maybe you can help me. Thank you and have a blessed day", "title": "I\u2019m having a problem with my sinuses, major headaches and nose bleeds?"}
{"text": "I have had these embarrassing hives for about 10 years now off and on almost daily for no apparent reason. My skin will be fine and then it will feel like a hot flash and I\u2019m burning up and I have hives on my face, neck, shoulders, arms, chest, sometimes legs. They will be very hot (not itchy) but then go away in a matter of minutes to sometimes hours. I thought it had some kind of relation to food but it happens even before I eat anything at all during the day. I\u2019ve been prescribed beta blockers and xanax\u2026 nothing helps. Could this be Cushing syndrome? ThanksAge: 25\nFemale\nMedications: Alprazolam\nGeneral Information: I also gain weight primarily in my stomach and face. Got lots of cortisone steroid shots for shoulder pain years ag", "title": "I have Urticaria ( hives on the skin), could this be Cushing syndrome?"}
{"text": "I have chronic sinus from april this year.  I have been on 2 or 3 rounds of cortisone to help.  I have tried every possible alternative therapy.  I have removed wheat, gluten dairy and sugar from my diet\u2026.  but i am still battling like crazy sinus since sep.Looked inside my nose tonight.  It was extremely red with a small yellow type growth on it.  Maby a polyp ??What are the solutions here\u2026..i  cant carry on living with this sinu", "title": "I have chronic sinus, is there something that can be done?"}
{"text": "I have ED issues, cannot get fully erect.\nI have blood pressure issues and m on medication for it but I slowly started having erection issues. before I was on the medication.I can come to an orgasm of sorts but when I do I have pain in my inner thighs at the time of orgasm.\nThe pain goes away in a second or 2.Is there anything I can do or a medication available to help with the pain at orgasm?\nAs far as the ED I have tried the common pills from my doctor, viagra, cilalis, etc they works somewhat at first but got to where they no longer do. If there is a treatment for that I would be happy but at the least I would like to not have pain at orgasm.\nI eject no semen by the way, Is it \u201cgoing the wrong way\u201d", "title": "I have ED issues and experience pain during orgasm?"}
{"text": "Hello, i did a home dipstick urinalysis test and i have trace of leukocytes, trace of protein, high specific gravity and trace of glucose. Just wondering what this means? I\u2019m pretty sure I have a uti as I am feeling nauseated and have temperatures and my asthma has been playing up.\nI\u2019m a bit worried about the glucose being in my urine though", "title": "I did a home dipstick urinalysis test, should I be worried about the results?"}
{"text": "I recently had a drug screen from a lab and I failed to my surprise for methamphetamine.\nMy doctor stated that only five things that I could have ingested could cause a faulty positive. Could you please tell me what could be? I am on a number of medications for migraine relief, I am not sure why this has happened", "title": "I failed a drug test, what drugs can cause this?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nI had oral sex unprotected before a week ago and it was my first time of it and then I read about the symptoms of hiv and other diseases and then I felt that of neck pain . Chill sometimes\nSo is that mean symptoms of hiv or other diseases or it\u2019s because the stress from that  as I been worried since I read about that and I don\u2019t have fever but I feel hot\nAnd feel like my body tired.Thank", "title": "I had unprotected oral sex, do I have symptoms of HIV or STDs?"}
{"text": "I broke the bottom part of my ankle bone. I don\u2019t have money or insurance to see a orthopedic. They wrapped my ankle in ace bandages and put a black boot on it. Can it heal like that. I don\u2019t work cause I am trying to get my disability started.I keep it elevated a lot and wear the boot. The er Dr I saw just came in and said it was broke and the nurse will wrap it. He didn\u2019t feel of my ankle or nothing", "title": "I broke the bottom part of my ankle bone, how can I make it heal?"}
{"text": "I do a lot of sports and am a very physically active man. I had an automobile accident 2 years ago and fractured my right arm. Plates and screws were installed surgically. Today I feel pain in that part of my body and believe the plates to be the cause. Is it possible to remove the plates", "title": "Feel discomfort in arm after accident with plates and screws installed surgically."}
{"text": "Please can you tell me what is that \u201d like a circle formation\u201d on the RTG picture attached .\nI am 55 years old female .,i feel some discomfort and pain in the upper part of the left side of the mandibular.\nCan you tell me what do you see on the RTG image ?Age: 55\nFemale\nMedications: Metformin\nGeneral Information: I am diabetic taking metformi", "title": "I suffer from pain in upper left side of the mandibular, what is causing this?"}
{"text": "I was on here Yesterday about a stomach intestinal virus i have had since Monday! I went to my  Doctor & she said that it was probably an intestinal virus that had to \u201crun it\u2019s course\u201d. that was wed. I was ok. thursday & Friday. Friday I had chicken rice soup;a buttered roll;Mashed potatoes. i slept thru the night & then Saturday Morning i was sick again!1 sat. I just had Chicken Broth & Ginger Ale. This morning i was sick again. I am VERY WORRIED NOW!! DO YOU THINK THAT THIS IS REALLY SERIOUS? Should I get some blood tests", "title": "Intestinal virus seems to act up again, I was sick again, please advise?"}
{"text": "A case of bilateral hydrosalpinx , did tubal disconnection followed by failed trial of In vitro fertilisation (IVF).\nAfter 4 months , hysterosalpingogram (HSG) to confirm the tubal disconnection and here the image .\nI would like an advice from a radiologist.\nThanks so much.\nFemale 36 years\na case of infertilityAge: 36\nFemale\nMedications: nothin", "title": "Failed In Vitro Fertilisation (IVF), does HSG confirm tubal disconnection?"}
{"text": "CT scan & diagnosed with diverticulitis abscess 1.5cm on 11-1-17. Took antibiotics 10 additional days second CT Scan 11-20-17 shows no abscess but diverticulitis with inflammation. If pain is mostly gone, is it safe to have colonoscopy December 13? Can I take mesalamine 800mg, or entocort ec to get rid of inflammation completely, or should i take more antibiotics?Re: Colonoscop", "title": "CT scan & diagnosed with diverticulitis, is it safe to have colonoscopy"}
{"text": "Earlier this week, I went to the doctor for a sore throat, swollen lymph nodes, and fatigue. The monospot test came back negative. The EBV test came back as positive for VCA-IgG (57.4), positive for VCA-IgM (44.4),negative for EARLY AG (<5),and positive for EBNA (217). My doctor thinks that I am experiencing an acute infection of mono that I was recently infected with since I was positive for the IgM antibody, however, EBNA antibodies are not supposed to appear during an acute infection and actually arent supposed to show up until months after\u2026 Could this mean it was a previous mono infection that has been reactivated? Could the presence of IgM antibodies indicate some other viral infection or disease other than mono", "title": "Mononucleosis Test shows EBNA antibodies, is it mono or some other infection?"}
{"text": "My son recently broke his tibia and fibula in the lower part of his leg requiring extensive surgery that included utilization of steel plating and several screws. Afterwards, upon reviewing his post op x-rays, it was discovered that a large splinter from the back side of his fibula had separated from the main bone and was in essence floating in the surrounding tissue (see attached). In response to our concerns regarding the same, my son\u2019s followup physician has advised him to manually manipulate the fragment in place by hand. Our concern is that doing so could possibly result in further damage to the surrounding tissue and prevent fusion to the main bone. Is this really a safe and soundly establish practice in regard to such injuries, or should we be considering looking for a second opinion", "title": "My son broke his tibia and fibula, is it safe to manually manipulate the fragment in place by hand?"}
{"text": "How often can I take Lantus? My prescription says take at night. BS last night was 445. Took 100 units and is 330 this morning. Can I take it more than once per day to lower my BS? Can I take more this morning? I have not been taking Lantus regularly as I should have been. I\u2019m now back on a low carb regime after having been negligent for some weeks", "title": "How often can I take Lantus?"}
{"text": "Hi I was sick to my stomach and throwing up mucus about six times Monday. Tuesday it was better but, still about twice. I went to my Doctor Wed. ans she said that i had a Viral infection and it had to run it\u2019s course. I was better Thursday and started with some ginger Ale and sliced peaches. yesterday i had more peaches. some Chicken & rice soup and a mashed potatoes with a buttered rool. I slept through the night. When I woke up this morning i had to go and throw up again. this time it looked like the soup and other things. Why was i getting better and now this? i am worried that this is something SERIOUS!", "title": "I was sick to my stomach, is it something serious?"}
{"text": "I am worried I have throat/tonsil cancer.  I have 2 areas 1 on each tonsil that shouldn\u2019t be there and I\u2019m not sure how long they have been there.  I am 36 year old male with HTN and Gerd.  I smoke a pack per day and have since I was 15.  My throat doesn\u2019t hurt and I seem to have no other symptoms.  Is this cancer or anything to be concerned about?  Both things are squishy and painless.Age: 36\nMale\nMedications: Prilosec and Hydrochlorizide\nGeneral Information: N", "title": "I am worried I have throat / tonsil cancer, is this cancer or anything to be concerned about?"}
{"text": "Im a 25 year old male, taking symbicort for 2.5 years. one puff twice a day. I just had a spirometry test and my FVC is 85% and my FEV1 is 80%. Took the reversibility test and saw no improvement. Doctor said i might have light asthma or none at all, im just on the low side of normal. However I looked up that if there is no improvement when taking the bronchodialator, then that could be COPD? since asthma is more reversible and should show more response to the brochodialator. Am I interpreting this wrong", "title": "Doctor said I might have light asthma, or is it Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)?"}
{"text": "Is .59 too low for t3? it says ref range iminimum is .87. My TSH and T4 were normal but I have all the symptoms of low T3 issues. I have fatigue weight gain edema thinning hair just always SOO tired. I am 22 year old female 5\u20194 110lbs. It is so hard to get out of bed in the morning and I am always just SO tired. I noticed my blood work always comes back with low T3 but normal TSH T4 and I am wondering if it is of concern. I don\u2019t have insurance or a primary to ask", "title": "My thyroid blood results show TSH and T4 are normal but is T3 low?"}
{"text": "Hello, I have had two cold sores in the past on my lower right lip. They where very small and after about a 7-10 day they where gone( I only had 2 in my life). Its been more than 5 years & I have a small red bump above my lip (not on the line) it began with a little itching when I notice the bump I put lysine cream on it & took a lysine pill, no pus, it didn\u2019t burst, no fluid. I took a couple of Lysine pills , I am on day 7, it is just about gone no scab or ulcer, is this a pimple or cold sore", "title": "I have a small red bump above my lip, is it a pimple or cold sore?"}
{"text": "I am currently 8 weeks pregnant. I am wondering about the harms of burning charcoal in the house. I have family members who smoke and although they smoke outside now, they burn the charcoal in the kitchen several times a day before taking it outdoors. Can this harm my baby if they are not actually smoking indoors and its just the burning of the charcoal", "title": "I am currently 8 weeks pregnant, can smoke from charcoal harm my baby?"}
{"text": "i am 28 yrs old, i am male. I had a good memory few year ago, but nowdays i can memorize nothing, when i try to understand or read something i feel like my mind has blocked from mid of head, i cannot do a work for long time or can say i cannot concentrate for long time. it is happening with me from last 4 years.. i have remember all my memory of childhood or till 2011. after that i haven\u2019t remember. whenever i want to study its like i am reading only not understanding. i want to ask is it any type of disease or els", "title": "I am having memory problems, can it be a disease or medical problem?"}
{"text": "Hello I am 45 Years old Male, Known Hypertensive on Olmesartan 40mg daily one tablet,also Type 2 Diabetes Taking Tenepride M ( 20+500 ) 1/2 in the morning and 1/2 at Night, Both BP and Sugar are in well control but i feel some Chest Pain ( May be Angina ) i explained my doctor but he gave me only Omez-D , I have a Anxious personality so is there any medicine which suits my problem of BP Angina pain Type2 Diabetes and Anxiety ?\nPlease help me, More over i am on Serta 50 for Aneity ( I dont want to take antidepressants", "title": "I have a Anxious personality  is there any medicine which can help my Angina problems?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m trying to get over mulluscum and I had a bump on my scrotum. My doc prescribed aldara and after two days my skin there turned red but the bump subsided.Is this how mulluscum looks when it\u2019s fading? I tested for STDs two weeks ago and it was all clear", "title": "I\u2019m trying to get over mulluscum, tested for STDs  all clear?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nI have been diagnosed with Spinal TB (backache was on for an year and little more than that) and was hospitalized. I have been sent home after medication since doctor said surgery is not required. Pain still continues and at late night (not all nights) become unbearable. What should i do to subside/reduce the pain", "title": "I have been diagnosed with Spinal TB (Spinal tuberculosis) how to subside/reduce the pain?"}
{"text": "Woke up this morning with severe pain in my elbow area, when I looked, I had a deer tick (yes I am quite sure it was a deer tick) so I removed it but the area is red, swollen, and a burning pain which has persisted now for 3 hours +.  I washed the area well, applied triple antibiotic ointment but just wondering if I need to do anything further.  The tick was NOT engorged and had probably only been on me for no more than 8 hours as it was not there when I went to bed the previous night", "title": "Woke up with severe pain in my elbow area, I had a deer tick, please advise?"}
{"text": "I got herpes type 2 I had it for a little while now but recent it got on my actual penis so I try to take care of it myself and put dettol on with a cotton swab. For 2 days I put on there 3 days in total. That place got darker and scar and the area is peeling  I don\u2019t know what to do I have a little tea tree oil I put some that around my penis but is my scars permanent and will it go back to the way it use to be . The herpes skin part almost seem gone but there scaring and will this effect my sensitiv", "title": "I got herpes type 2, I don\u2019t know what to do,  please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019ve had this pain in my forehead since Tuesday which doesn\u2019t feel like a headache I\u2019ve had a high fever and then I\u2019m very cold again I\u2019ve also had a lose of appetite my tummy sometimes can also be very sore and tender and I\u2019ve had moments when I feel sick. I\u2019m getting slightly worried about this now and wondered what this could b", "title": "I\u2019ve had this pain in my forehead which doesn\u2019t feel like a headache?"}
{"text": "Hi I get ear nose and throat problems once a month I start with ear and throat pain and then I feel like I have trapped liquid and get itchiness  and at the same time I get nasal congestion and watery nose after a few days with those symptom I get sore swollen bright red tonsils with white sores and tonsil stones Im so confused and I dont know what it can be since I have so many symptoms at once and it has been going on for about 6 month", "title": "I get ear nose and throat problems once a month, what can it be?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI have a yeast and bacterial infection. My doctor prescribed me to take fluconazole orally for the yeast 3 times every 7 days and the bacterial infection with the metronidazole vaginal gel. My doctor wanted me to cure both at the same time. So they told me to do the cream and the oral pill until I finished. I finished the 5 days of the vaginal gel for bacteria and the first pill of yeast. I noticed I have a white clumpy substances coming out of my vagina. I feel more itchy But there is no odor at all and when I get yeast infections I never usually get a cottage cheesy discharge many people get. Is this normal? My doctor told me I was supposed to feel better by a week and the 5 days have passed. I just don\u2019t understand why I have a strange discharge I never had before. Bacterial and yeast infections are common for me so I\u2019ve started to take probiotics. But is the discharge normal from the medicine? Or it a bad side effect ? How long till I am free from this", "title": "I have a yeast and bacterial infection, now have a strange discharge?"}
{"text": "have ibs dyspepsia heartburn delayed emptying lactose intolerance gluten allergy been for all tests tried all meds otc prescription changed diet always getting worse am a shutin affecting my independence have stomach cramps bloating for 2 mths am taking cholesterol pill not that trazadone carbamazepine divalproex loxapine precacid cipralex. domperidone tried going without what condition does ongoing stomach cramps bloating sickness digestive problems point to", "title": "I suffer from serious digestive problems, nothing seems to work, need advice?"}
{"text": "Hi I just need an opinion, the neurologist suggested amitriptyline or Sodium Valproate. She said either option would be fine. I\u2019m on 150 mg zoloft so would need to be on a very low dose of either. The migraines are most likely related to my period so I\u2019m also on the mini pill (cerazette), I experience severe headaches and vomiting and I get deja vu but they ruled out epilepsy and just said it\u2019s aura.I\u2019m nervous about trying meds. I tried propranolol but it made me depressed and didn\u2019t work", "title": "I experience severe headaches and vomiting and I get deja vu, is it Aura or Epilepsy?"}
{"text": "I have an intermittent low hum in my right ear only. It sometimes goes \u2018on and off\u2019 when I turn my head from side to side. It also sometimes starts if I press around my earlobe area. Sometimes it is in synch with my heartbeat and other times it is just a continuous hum. I have had my ear checked and my wax is normal levels and there is no damage to my eardrum. I am 49 yr old male", "title": "I have an intermittent low hum in my right ear, please advise?"}
{"text": "What causes my digestion issues? I\u2019m 20 yr old female 5\u20194 115 lbs. most the time I am normal however I go through phases where I have diarrhea instantly any time I eat or sometimes terrible constipation. A year and a half ago I had bright red blood in stool for 2 months that went away and around that time I lost 20 lbs without having any change in diet (I eat ALOT). Since then I\u2019ve gained weight back and I fluctuate rapidly between 110-125. Just about everything I eat causes terrible instant bloating especially soy, bread, and dairy I\u2019ve noticed. Sometimes my lower abdomen is so bloated and swollen to a point of uncomfortable minor pain. Sometimes I notice a fleshy mucus in my stools. This happened a couple days ago and since then I\u2019ve thrown up anything I eat or I have diarrhea instantly. I also go through phases where I am very abnormally fatigued. Also This may be unrelated but since I was a little kid, this weird thing happens where my body uncontrollably shakes (I am conscious ) I get terrible nausea and a terrible horrific pain that feels like it\u2019s in my bones. Last year it happened a couple times a week for a few months but it usually only happens 1-2 times a year. Each episode lasts around an hour, 4 being the most. I\u2019ve talked to drs but it seems they all blow it off. Any answers", "title": "I suffer from diarrhea and had blood in stools, what causes my digestion issues?"}
{"text": "51 yr old female diagnosed with bronchitis 5 days ago. Taking amoxicillin, tessalon perles, Proair inhaler and guiafenisen. No wheezing, chest xray was okay.  Some dizziness but could be from sinus congestion. O2 sats are great during the day when up, moving and coughing. As soon as i lie down at night, drop to 96-97% but when I start to doze, i feel short of breath and my heart starts racing. O2 sat drops to 90%. Now I\u2019m afraid to lie down and sleep", "title": "Diagnosed with bronchitis 5 days ago, I feel short of breath and my heart starts racing?"}
{"text": "Hi I was released from work 4 months a go and for last 3 month I have been feeling weak, lightheaded,headache,confused, dry mouth, sleepy all the time, I feel like I\u2019m always thinks when I am sleeping, unable to concentrate in my new Job.\nI have been to my gp and done blood test everything was good fine part from low platelets 132 but the doctors said that\u2019s not the problem and everything is ok but I am still having theses symptoms and it effecting me every da", "title": "I have been feeling weak, lightheaded,headache,confused, dry mouth, sleepy all the time?"}
{"text": "hello,does this look like herpes a girl gave me blow job without condom, but i did not have unprotected sex.can you please tell me. i have to wait 7 days for the blood test im just too stressed, please reply to me as soon as possible im too stressed.Rgds,Age:\nMale\nMedications: None yet", "title": "Can these spots be a sign I have herpes?"}
{"text": "when I eat any type of food I get a very bad pain in the stomach sometimes only after eating a few mouthfuls of food I then have to go to the toilet and what comes out is very very loose sometimes like water. This happens every day now and the only way I can go out at all is to eat nothing as I do not want to get caught out when I am out I cannot take a chance of eating anything as I once did and just made it home and to the toilet.This is now happening with any drinks as well hope you have some idea of what this might be.Thank you, DC", "title": "I get a very bad pain in the stomach when I eat any food, now happening when I drink liquids?"}
{"text": "I have a potential sex partner(with whom I have not yet had sex) who appears to have some kind of genital warts (\u2026interior thigh\u2026.) If I send a picture of these warts/genitals can you identify the problem..or the likely infection? Not sure if this is HPV or maybe Syphilis, or maybe something more innocuou", "title": "Is this an infection, syphilis, genital warts or HIV?"}
{"text": "I have a muscle biopsy result and my doctor told me that the biopsy confirmed elements of both autoimmune process and genetic muscle disease, I do not know what it is the kind of the genetic muscle disease?  I need help. The biopsy states that I have a mild necrotizing myopathy with rare small groups of degenerating and regenerating myofibers and increased MHC-1 staining. In addition, there is mild type 2 fiber atrophy. MAD and PFK staining is present", "title": "Muscle biopsy results show  both autoimmune process and genetic muscle disease, please advise?"}
{"text": "My 1 month old daughter has a congenital heart disease named \u2013 transposition of great arteries with vsd.\nI bring her to a govt. Hosp. Doctors put her on oxygen for two weeks. Now from last two weeks they had removed her oxygen and now she is breathing well. Now we bring her back home she looks normal but some time her lips, ears,  hands  and feet toes get blue.\nShe is breathing well, sleeping well. Her mother feeding her regularly. She seems perfect she only cries when she is hungry or when her body exposed to air. While crying she got too much blue.\nDoctors said it\u2019s not possible to do her heart surgery bcoz she is too young. They tried too do angioplasty but didn\u2019t succeed bcoz her veins are too thin. Doctors said let her grow a bit like up to 1 year. After it will be safe to do her surgery. Other wise bring her to any other country (which i cannot afford).\nI just want to ask that Is it ok to keep her like  this for one year without any treatment?\nPlease give me the suggestion that what should i do now\n(please excuse me for my poor English)", "title": "My 1 month old daughter has a congenital heart disease and needs heart surgery, can it wait one year?"}
{"text": "Hello, I have a question about my hep b serology results. I was under the impression I have a chronic infect but the results are confusing to me as they indicate that I am immune and that I have cleared a past infection.Results:\nHBsAg: negative\nHBsAb: 140 IU/L\nHBcAb: positiveI have done research into the interpretation of\nThese results and I\u2019m lead to believe that the presence of HBsAb and a negative HBsAg shows I am immune and that I cannot infect others with the disease.My GP said that I am immune but couldn\u2019t tell me if\n I was a chronic sufferer and if I was infectious.Any help would be appreciated.Thanks", "title": "Hepatitis B serology results, am I infectious?"}
{"text": "can I take ultra omega burn   it is  omega seven.I had quadruple bypass 2 yrs ago. I am also diabetic\non insulin. I used to take omega 3-6-9 and was told by an internist to stop it  because of blood thinning\nand clotting possibilities. I currently take eliquis 5 mg bid.. thankyo", "title": "I had quadruple bypass 2 yrs ago, can I take omega 7?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor,I have been having acne and pimples from the past 4-5 years.I used to take lots of medicine and use different types of lotion and sunscreen prescribed by the doctors.Whenever I take the medicine the pimple and acne goes away but when i stop using both the acne comes back again.So what should I do and why is this happening.Now I\u2019m having lot\u2019s of acne in my forehead it\u2019s sometimes itchy and acne on cheek which has pus and whenever i touch it it\u2019s paining.I\u2019m 20 years old femaleAge: 20\nFemale\nMedications: Acutret,veloxvit,vitakin", "title": "I have spots, acne, and pimples with pus on face, are they dangerous?"}
{"text": "I am 52 years old and stop having my period a year ago. But for the last 2 weeks I\u2019ve felt that butterfly feeling you get when you first feel a baby kick. If I look hard enough I can sometimes see a jump in my stomach   Its off and on most days especially at night. I\u2019ve had 2 children and swear it feels exactly the same. I\u2019ve taken 3 home pregnancy test and all were negative. The slight fluttering is on my lower left side just above the bikini line and below the belly button. What could this be?  I\u2019m also on Adderal and I saw online that can cause false  negative results.  Also about 2 months ago I did have some slight bloody discharge for a few days but not a real period. Went to a clinic to be check for Std. Which was negative", "title": "I feel a slight fluttering on my lower left side, pregnancy test all negative, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi I had 3 hemorrhagic ovarian cyst surgically removed. Now I am told that I need to be on birth control pills to prevent re occurrence of the hemorrhagic ovarian cyst. But I would like to try another approach than birth control pills,any suggestions", "title": "I had 3 hemorrhagic ovarian cyst surgically removed, do I need to be on birth control pills to prevent re occurrence?"}
{"text": "On Monday, Nov 20th, I woke up and stood up out of bed to stretch.  The next thing I remember is waking up on the floor.  I typically run slightly hypotensive and must\u2019ve created some kind of pressure change internally during the stretch.  I fainted and fell onto the floor.  Thankfully, I did not lose consciousness after hitting the floor and was not alone.  My nose, although extremely painful and lacerated, was not deformed. My bf (an EMT) and I (nursing student) assessed the situation and deemed it necessary to seek medical attention at the time (4hr drive away from vacation location).  Within a few hours, nasal swelling and facial bruising around and under the eyes became apparent. Although the pain has slightly subsided 6 days later, and the bruising is less, I am now experiencing difficulty inhaling through one of my nares.  I am wondering if this is from internal swelling from the trauma done to the soft tissue or if I may have a deviated septum without an external deformity from an unconfirmed nasal fracture", "title": "Difficulty inhaling through nostril, is it a deviated septum from nasal fracture?"}
{"text": "I have been going through many tests, x-rays, etc to determine if I have an autoimmune disease. In the midst of this, it was discovered that I had pneumonia and small nodules in lungs and am now scheduled for a bronchoscopy and lung biopsy. I have smoked marijuana moderately for four years, but didn\u2019t divulge this to my dr because my wife would be devastated to learn this and because of the nature of my job. I should have let my dr know this, but am completely scared to have my wife find out or to lose my livelihood. I haven\u2019t smoked any in two weeks and my bronchoscopy is upcoming. My question is will the dr definitively know that I smoke marijuana and will this info be shared in front of my wife? Again, I realize that my dishonesty with my wife and my doctor is not good, but I am frightened for her to find out and of losing my livelihood", "title": "I have pneumonia and scheduled for a bronchoscopy and lung biopsy, please advise?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had a bump on my eyelid for over a week. At first I believed it was a cyst but it won\u2019t subside and is larger. I don\u2019t know what it is or how to deal with it, hopefully it isn\u2019t as serious and will go away but please help me identify what this bump is, the cause and solution.Age:18\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I\u2019ve had a bump on my eyelid for over a week, is this cancer?"}
{"text": "For a few years I have a 4-5cm lump on upper arm / bicep. Firm but movable when manipulated. Sometimes gives mild twinge of pain. Slightly raised if skin is held taut. Just under surface of skin. A doctor once said it\u2019s a cyst, don\u2019t bother.Age: 59\nMale\nMedications: NSAI", "title": "I have a 4-5cm lump on upper arm / bicep, is it really a cyst?"}
{"text": "I have small (about the width of two fingers) umbilical hernia that is reducible. I have no pain and seem to be passing stool and urine fine. I know the need to get repaired and am in the process of figuring that out. However I do feel an sensation of fluid coming out of the area where the hernia is. I do touch the spot a lot to make sure the hernia is not pushing out. I assume this can be a sensation of blood rushing to one area? Should i be alarmed if I have no other symptoms", "title": "Suffering from  umbilical hernia that is reducible, should I be alarmed?"}
{"text": "I performed oral sex on a women I do not know and do not know her hiv status. A week has gone by and I feel weak have a dry throat and also some thursty on my tongue. I have been worried for the past few days as I feel like I have got the flu but it\u2019s made me think what are the chances of getting hi", "title": "After oral sex I have flu like symptoms, can it be HIV?"}
{"text": "Last Friday I had a cardiac catheter ablation to get rid of my SVT. The doctors successfully found the problem area and they told me they were able to get rid of it. Today (Thursday, almost one week later) I had another SVT episode when I was babysitting. It lasted for about 40 seconds and it wasn\u2019t as bad as usual but it was SVT. Should I be worried that they didn\u2019t get it or is this maybe just a side effect of the surgery or maybe the tissue isn\u2019t healed or something like that", "title": "I had a cardiac catheter ablation last week , I had another SVT episode, should I be worried?"}
{"text": "Hello, I scraped my knee 4 days ago and I had put neosporin on it and covered it, but then I went to the doctor in France and she prescribed an antiseptic called Biseptine. So I used the antiseptic for 2 days until I used neosporin again last night. The wound was dry and I read that it should stay moist to prevent scabbing. I put on neosporin and then in the morning I found the wound to be yellow and mushy. I am not sure if it is infected or not. The picture that is yellow and mushy is the morning after I used neosporin and the other one that is dry is when I was only using the antiseptic. Is it infected? Should I be using the antiseptic and the neosporin or just one of them?Age: 21\nFemale\nMedications: Tylenol, Neosporin, Biseptin", "title": "I injured my knee and used Biseptine, is it infected?"}
{"text": "I had an mri in September. I have ms btw. And my Neuro thinks I\u2019m a hypochondriac because he never explains my radiology report or has ever Let me see an mri. I didn\u2019t see my report till well after these symptoms started over a month ago- facial numbness in the right side like novacaine or glove sensation, From two inches into the scalp down to the bottom lip and not quite to the ear, right side mouth numbness, tongue, teeth, throat, nose, eye- can\u2019t look extreme right because eyes Will move uncontrollably, ear fullness, hear myself talk, popping noise, face jerky movement, feeling of something touching The side of my eye socket(bone)at all times, no taste, can\u2019t swallow, weight loss, memory loss, slurred speech, double vision, spontaneous crying, low bp, cold all the time. My pain mgmt even called my neuro on my behalf. I finally have an apt next week and my MRI was 9/6. My friend is a Neuro Trauma Nurse and said my report shows the abnormality on my pons may have just been a ubo Unidentified Bright Objects but these symptoms suggest otherwise. What do you think? Am I crazy? Like I said, the symptoms came before I saw the report let alone knew what a pons was.Age: 37\nFemale\nMedications: Rebif\nGeneral Information: I have m", "title": "My MRI seems to indicate a PONS abnormality, is the case or is MRI showing UBOs ?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) my age is 21 years..my weight is 48 kgs..From few weeks i experience something strange ..suddenly irregular heartbeats,severe headache in back side of head..a state of fear.hot face and ears.i want to cry that time..weakness.i have fear of death..but after sometime i get fin", "title": "I suffer from irregular heartbeats, severe headache in back side of head..a state of fear?"}
{"text": "Seeking Gyn/Oncology advice for following scenario: Never had abnormal pap before. This year at annual check, 1st pap done while on monistat treatment returned (+)AGC; followed by colposcopy,cervical & uterine bx\u2019s all(-); NS Ultrasound(-); repeat pap(-) 6wks after 1st pap. Age 52yrs w/menses still that has been decreasing in freq over past year.Should I now progress to LEEP and/or cold knife", "title": "Pap results: (+) AGC, should I now progress to LEEP and/or cold knife?"}
{"text": "Hello, please advise:\n1) if removal of gallbladder (which has numerous small stones between 2-5 mm and 4-5 stones with the sizes of 8-16 mm) may cause a cancer of duodenum, or small intestine or any intestine in the future?2) would you recommend removing gallbladder with such stones (described above) or keeping such gallbladder?3) would keeping such gallbladder (as described above) cause cancer?Thank you.Age: 45\nMale\nMedications: non", "title": "I have numerous small stones, is removing gallbladder necessary?"}
{"text": "I have been suffering from hair fall from since sometime. I am unable to identify if it\u2019s AGA or Ferritin induced hair loss. My hair loss is equal all over, but a little more in sides in the TOP of my head.Based on my recent blood test report, I have slightly high iron(31), where ma", "title": "I suffer from Hair Loss (Hair Fall), is it  AGA or Ferritin induced ?"}
{"text": "While in Vietnam, I contracted some food borne disease. Diarrhea (almost immediately after any attempt at food) chills, night sweats, exhaustion, cramping. This lasted about 4 days until I got to Taipei and got cephalexin. First day, I took four 250mg tablets and started to get some relief. I took 4 again the next day\u2026 but abdominal pain became acute in the lower left quadrant. Frequent urination, increased pain as bladder filled. Question: can e-coli or salmonella poisoning ALSO cause a UTI or can the antibiotics? If the latter, should I stop taking them? I won\u2019t be back in the US to see a doc until after Thanksgiving \u2013 any advice is appreciated", "title": "I contracted some food borne disease, can e-coli or salmonella  poisoning be causing UTI? Or antibiotics?"}
{"text": "Hi i have had traces of blood in my urine when doctors do the dip test they say every time there is blood.but when they send it of it comes back as normal and i am in so much pain with left side of my back going into my tummy i cant even stand can this be connected as really worried and have 3 kids to look afte", "title": "I have had traces of blood in my urine, but blood tests are ok?"}
{"text": "Hello \u2013 I am currently 5 weeks 4 days pregnant. Over the weekend I had a scare, and thought I had a miscarriage. However, the ultrasound showed that I didn\u2019t. I did a beta three days ago, and my result was 17,243 and today I did a beta and the result is 31,988 with a doubling time of 78 hours. At this stage of the pregnancy, I read that beta numbers slow down. My beta numbers were doubling very fast last week and until 5 weeks 1 day. Are my current numbers (doubling at a rate of 78 hours) ok for week five? Or does it have to be exactly every 48-72 hours? thank you", "title": "Thought I had a miscarriage, ultrasound showed that I didn\u2019t, please advise?"}
{"text": "Can bruising on the chest be caused from a tubation on an animic person this appeared after surgery to repair a broken bone under the left eye tbe bruising was not there before but appeared afterwards im just trying to figure out if this is from the tubation and is it common for this to happen?\nAge:28\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Can bruising on the chest be caused from a tubation on an anemic person after surgery?"}
{"text": "I believe I have a possible head tumor. About a year ago I was experiencing buzzing in both of my ears that would only last a seconds. It would happen just a couple times a month. Then the buzzing became longer periods & was happening more often. Then it eventually became a constant buzzing in only my left ear. I have lost most of my hearing in my left ear. This hearing loss has happened within the last 4 months. I also have had my vision in my left eye intercepted by by whatever is causing the buzzing in my left ear. With thin the same 4 months, I can not see very well in the Left eye. It\u2019s very blurry. Even if I put something close to my face, I still can not see things clearly. The buzzing is constantly going on from the time I wake up to the time I go to bed", "title": "I have lost most of my hearing in my left ear and vision in left eye, is it a brain tumor?"}
{"text": "Can a back injury cause kidney failure", "title": "Can a back injury cause kidney failure?"}
{"text": "I have a ankle fracture,Doctor is asking me to undergo a surgery in which they will fix a screw in bone. But I don\u2019t want that , Can the same problem be healed with proper rest and plaster?\nI am afraid of surgery and don\u2019t wanna undergo the same.\nIf it can heal by applying plaster and proper rest then what precautions should I follow for it?Age:23\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a ankle fracture, do I need surgery?"}
{"text": "Starting 2014, I have had elevated liver enzymes (right after I delivered my baby) which resolved on their own in a few months. Now I again in 2017 (afte delivering my second baby), same thing is happening. All ultrasounds are normal. But now my ANA is positive yet liver enzymes are normal again (except ALP by 1-2 points \u2013 this is what has gone up the most in the past years up to 80 points). Hepatologist doesn\u2019t think it\u2019s the liver and is sending me to a rheumatologist. I do have Hashmitos and hypothyroidism since 2012. Please give your advice on that this is.\nAge:28\nFemale\nMedications: Levothyroxin", "title": "I have had elevated liver enzymes, is there a problem with my liver?"}
{"text": "In January 2017 I broke out in hives and itchy, swollen purple like skin. I was admitted to the ER 3 days in a row. On the last day I was so out of it I barely remember what the doctor said before she released me. For the last several months I have continued to have itchy skin, night sweats, and major fatigue. I\u2019ve even developed hives on the vaginal area. I decided to log in to my health care chart online and check out my blood test results from 10 months ago. They seem alarming low and other very high. I\u2019m waiting to get more blood drawn this week. can you give me some insight on these number? I will say that I was on 20mg of prednisone at the time the test was given. Would prednisone really affect the test this much? WBC \u2013 13.2\nRBC \u2013 3.87\nNeutro Auto \u2013 92%\nLymph Auto \u2013 4.9%\nMono Auto \u2013 3.0%\nNeutro Absolute \u2013 12.1\nLymph Absolute \u2013 0.6\nMono Absolute \u2013 0.", "title": "I broke out in hives and itchy, swollen purple like skin, is this a consequence of my low blood test results?"}
{"text": "I was in a motor vehicle accident in 2001. Fractured my l3 and l4 vertebrae. I had Harrington rods, screws and bone from my hip fused from l1 to s1. My rods have fractured. Will they need to be replaced or simply removed? Pain is a constant 7 even with strong pain medicine. I\u2019m scared to see a Neuro. Any advice I will attach a current xray.\nAge:36\nMale\nMedications: Morphine", "title": "Fractured my l3 and l4 vertebrae, rods have fractured, will they need to be replaced?"}
{"text": "This happened to my foot and rashes are spreading throughout my body, should I go to the ER? I don\u2019t have health insurance but I\u2019m very scared that this may be an infection. I originally thought it was a ringworm but it\u2019s not. I have dermatitis and would get ringworm shaped dry patches which I was treated for in the past. This however, spread bigger so I thought it was a ringworm and applied over the counter medicationAge: 33\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Rashes are spreading throughout my body, is it ringworm?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nI am a 26 year old female and In December 2015, I had a lump removed from my breast. It was benign breast tumor but it was removed as it was quite large. I noticed the lump was there as I was getting a pain where it was, especially when I had my period. Over the last 6 months or so the pain has returned in my breast and it is a little worse than what it was before. I\u2019m not sure if I can feel a lump as it feels different with the scar and has always been a bit tender since the surgery. Is it possible that the lump has returned and do I need to go and see my GP?Age:26\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I had a benign breast tumor removed, is it possible for the tumor to have returned?"}
{"text": "My entire life I\u2019ve gone without health issues and then suddenly this year it\u2019s been like I\u2019ve become a completely different person.\nIt started about 10 months ago/at the start of the year.\nFood makes me sick and nauseous. The smell of it, being near it and even when eating \u2013 I\u2019d say 90% of the time.\nThat has been my biggest issue but in the past 2-4 months I\u2019ve started to get heart palpitations that last up to 10 yours straight and just random heart flutter.\nI get enough sleep but my undereye circles are insane. Sometimes I\u2019m abnormally pale but then suddenly my face starts burning up and it feels like it has a fever. (Only my face, my body does not feel feverish.)\nGenerally I regularly feel nauseous and sick, even without food causing it. Just randomly. Note that I am not pregnant or anything of the sorts", "title": "I\u2019ve started to get heart palpitations and food makes me nauseous?"}
{"text": "My father-in-law had a stroke nearly 2 years ago and has not been able to walk without a walker since.  This week he had a corticosteroid shot to treat arthritis in his shoulder.  Since then he is walking unassisted.  He is agitated and anxious.  He is now complaining of not being able to sleep.  Could these be \u201cside effects\u201d of the steroid shot?  How long should we expect that to last?  Are these effects serious or dangerous?Age: 80\nMale\nMedications: Aricept, Pravastatin, Lisinopril, Terazosin, Depakote, Metformin, Glipizide, Plavi", "title": "Can a corticosteroid shot to treat arthritis have side effects?"}
{"text": "This is an ultrasound of my baby\u2019s spine. The perintologist that l see thinks it ends abruptly. What do you think it could be?Also the baby is never in a different position during sonograms. This is the picture we always get of the end of her spine and he thinks it\u2019s the best picture we have.How does the spine look to you? Any advice or further questions you think I\ufe0f should ask after her birth", "title": "This is an ultrasound of my baby\u2019s spine. How does the spine look to you?"}
{"text": "I have this sore on my neck on my hair line, it keep scabbing and is very sore, now it\u2019s like a hole and oozing. I\u2019m very scared it may be skin cancer. It\u2019s been there for months. It\u2019s starting to throb it hurts so bad. Please, any information will be very helpful.Age:32\nFemale\nMedications: Zoloft, birth contro", "title": "I have this sore on my neck on my hair line, is it skin cancer?"}
{"text": "I am 52,male,with p r of china origin, now residing in Australia. I am in normal weight with the bMI 21.I have got mild elevated total fat, and mild fatty liver, but very good blood pressure of 75 and 130.I have got one uncle in my mother side died of severe diabetes complications for type 2 with obesity.I have done three ogtt tests because of in normal fasting glusto around 5.6.the results are as follows: fasting gluesco,between 5.4-5.8,latest 5.4,one hour after 75 gram loading, very high about  12-13,latest 12.9.two hours,8.5 to 10.4,latest 8.5.insulin testing, fasting 7 miu,1 hour,80,2 hours,153.fasting c-petite is 3.04 to 4.2,with latest 3.04.the two antibody,gad,IA2 are all negative, and 4 hba1 c are 5.6 to 5.8 with latest 5.8.For over three months, I have got the following symptoms, related,1,very strong thirsty, day and night, drinking a lot of water.2,passing urine very quickly, around one hour and less than half an hour after drinking some coffee and tea, twice at night ,with large amount.3,very easy to feel hungry, and having a lot of food4,feel very tired, easily fall asleep ,especially in the quiet place.my main questions are as follows, according to the test results and symptoms,any insulin resistance?2,i wonder if I am still diagnosed IGT and IFG ,because two hours less than 11.1,or diagnosed as type 2 diabetes  because 1 hour continuous over 11.1 with additional symptoms? 3,according to present situation, any treatment necessary and what can be available. Hopefully can get the answers to all these questions before seeing the specialist. Thanks  a lot.\nAge:52\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Considering my symptoms and tests,  do I still have IGT (Impaired glucose tolerance)?"}
{"text": "Last Tuesday I went to the doctors with uti symptoms. It hurt very bad to pee and there was blood in my urine. They prescribed me the antibiotics but after 4 days I was still in pain. Today I went back and they prescribed another antibiotic. As well as a medication to prevent a yeast infection. Before I left they also decided to give me a flu shot. At first, I was okay. I was drinking tons of water and so it still hurt, but not as much as before. I noticed sores on my labia as well as my anus stinging. Every time I walk or sit it stings. I went to work and after a few hours, I got a fever, chills, and a bad headache. I know this is a lot but basically, I\u2019m wondering if I should go back to the hospital. I\u2019m not sure if the flu shot made me sicker? Or if the painful bumps have any relation to the uti? Also I do have bad back pain. Thanks for any help.Age:20\nFemale\nMedications: Sulfamethoxazole, cephalexin, fluconazole, probiotic", "title": "I had a flu shot, I\u2019m not sure if the flu shot made me sicker?"}
{"text": "I am 41 and recently just had a baby boy 4 months ago. I also have a 20 month old daughter. Both my children were born by c-section. My problem postpartum has been debilitating fatigue were I feel I just can\u2019t get out of bed and sleep for example for 12 hrs or more. I am not sleep deprived as my husband gets up with the baby. What I find is after one day of going out activity I am bedridden with debilitating fatigue the next day. This fatigue lasts all day and night and I find my upper arms ache. I recently had blood work done and the results are uploaded in an image. Thank youAge:41\nFemale\nMedications: Zoloft, Iro", "title": "I just had a baby 4 months ago, is experiencing debilitating fatigue normal?"}
{"text": "I have been sick for the last 3 weeks, taking OTC meds.  It was getting worse.  starting with just being really tired and then into coughing sneezing runny nose.  I have asthma and ezcema.  One day I was having really bad allergies.  I rubbed my eyes, they became raw.  I put first aid ointment on them to protect them and also took a benadryl.  I woke up this past saturday morning with cold sore like blisters and pimply looking things on and around my eyelids.  They itch and hurt a lot.  The swelling and redness seems to have gone away but I believe its because I started taking clindamycin Saturday night (I have a family member who is a PA).  Some of the sores seems to have scabbed over but the pimple things are still there and seem to be spreading.  I was told it can be impetigo, and than after seeing it in person I was told it looked like an ezcema break out that became infected.  I have not gone to see a doctor or have been to the hospital.  I just want some peace of mind and know what exactly this is.  I have attached pictures.  Thank you!!!Age:28\nFemale\nMedications: Symbicort, Pro-air, clindamyci", "title": "I have been sick for the last 3 weeks, cold sore like blisters on eyelids?"}
{"text": "My knee got injured 5 months ago, mainly due to weights lifting.\nI got an X-Ray done and it didn\u2019t show anything, so after I proceed to get a MRI where it says that it may be a \u2018lateral meniscal tear. Minimal knee effusion\u2019.\nShould I be careful to go back to training with weights and running? Should I follow some sort of treatment?Age: 33\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I suffered a meniscal tear, can I start training again?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m a 56 yr old female with a strong family history of diabetes. I am also hypertensive currently on Plendil 5mg. I am NOT on any medication for diabetes and my glucose levels usually range from 110-160 mg/dl\nRecently I have had a series of \u201cboils\u201d that started out as a pimple and got hard and painful in the surrounding area. 3-4 appeared on my pubic area (I thought they were ingrowing hairs??) Then a few weeks later two on my nose (one on each side) which resulted in lymph node swelling on both sides of my neck, now a boil on my right leg. (See attached photo.)I have no other known medical problems. Had a check up recently because of symptoms associated with an unrelated and unusual condition (Persistent Sexual Arousal  Disorder \u2013 PSAS) \u2013 had a ton of blood work and nothing significant showed up.  I was medically treated in my 20\u2019s for Hyperthyroidism but all of my thyroid function tests have been normal since then. I had a hysterectomy and removal of tubes and ovaries. Otherwise healthy.    Should I take some antibiotics for my leg? Which one would be best?Age:56\nFemale\nMedications: Plendil 5m", "title": "I have had a series of \u201cboils\u201d that started out as a pimple and got hard and painful, should I take some antibiotics?"}
{"text": "Do I really need to get a shot for Yellow Fever?\nI am travelling to Columbia, South America in early December. In Columbia for about 9 days. I am never at an elevation below 1,411 metres.\nPart of one day at 1,411 metres\n3 days at 2,640 to 3,000 metres\n5 days at 2,500 to 4,500 metres\nI am a male, 63 years old in excellent health. I have read the chances of getting Yellow Fever is extremely small and even smaller due to the fact I am mostly at higher elevations. I have no interest in visiting the parts of Africa or South America where Yellow Fever is present in the future. Age:63\nMale\nMedications: Vesicare \u2013 (Only side effect is some dehydration). Pill reduces number of times I urinate at night", "title": "Do I really need to get a shot for Yellow Fever?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 77 yrs old but had been in great physical shape, very active in sports, biking, & around the house & yard, etc. Then I was injured  in a freak accident 8/30/17 when a car crashed into a building where I was a customer, sending me to emergency vascular surgery for compartment syndrome (R. calf.)  I spent 4 days in hospital, had 2 surgeries in that period, & am now assigned to Physical Therapy for several mos. About 10 days after the accident, my vascular surgeon referred me to a cardiologist for heartbeat concerns just noticed by him; I\u2019m now diagnosed with A. Fib, on blood thinners for rest of my life, & had a cardioversion in 10/2017.  My cardiologist says because I hadn\u2019t had an EKG prior to my accident, he can\u2019t say that the AFib was caused by the accident & the resulting horrific stress (for example, I was told by the ER doc that my leg might be amputated, had to undergo gen. anesthesia, of which I am very leery, & have been forced to spend more time idle in the last 3 mo. than ever in my life \u2013 I NEED to be active.)Prior to my accident, my only health issues were hypertension (well-controlled via meds) & a bum knee; I\u2019d been seeing my primary care doc at least annually.Do you feel the accident may be implicated in my 9/2017 diagnosis of A Fib", "title": "I have Atrial fibrillation ( AFib or AF), can a car accident have caused it?"}
{"text": "I think i have onychophagia (?). I\u2019ve mostly stopped biting my nails on my hands. My problem is my toes, and that i\u2019ve graduated to using tools. pocket knife, trimming scissors\u2026I\u2019ve basically removed the nails from 7 toes. When it heals into a faux nail (hard skin), I rip that right off. I don\u2019t disinfect or bandage or anything, I just put socks right over it and go to work. I don\u2019t know how i haven\u2019t got a major infection by now.What do I need to do. It hurts, but that doesn\u2019t stop me. I stopped on my hands, i thought i could stop this. I can\u2019t.Age:28\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I think I have onychophagia, I thought I could stop this, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hello,Im a 25 year old and I had my period which began last Monday and normally lasts around 4 days. by Friday it was completely gone and I only had that small amount of brown blood .. I had severe lower back pain this whole time. period is always painful so didn\u2019t think too much of it, however on Monday I went to the bathroom and there was a bloodclot the size of a pea. It was bright red surrounded by a minimal amount of blood.\nI had nausea around my ovulation window and was throwing up for 2 days which I assumed was a stomach bug. I also had extremely swollen breasts which are common to me when my period is coming,, however this time my nipples were sickly sore and my breasts had large blue veins. does this sound like a miscarriage or just a period?thank you\nAge:25\nFemale\nMedications: zolof", "title": "Did I have a miscarriage or is it a normal period?"}
{"text": "dear doctor,\nme and my girl friend are blood relations, she is my grand mother\u2019s younger brother\u2019s daughter\u2019s daughter. we in love now and the problem is our parents said that blood relations marriage is a big risk for us because it\u2019s having many side effects for our children. kindly we are requesting a answer from you, any blood check or a suitable thing for it", "title": "My girl friend and I are blood relations, can we have children without risk?"}
{"text": "Low grade fever for 6 days (99.5-100.5), enlarged painless lymph node on jaw (under ear) extreme fatigue, dull pain in right side of my jaw, pale skin.\nBlood tests:\nMono; negative\nEpstein barr; negative\nPregnancy: negative\nCBC; normal range\nI\u2019m a 18y/o woman, 125lbs, 5\u20199\u2033ft tall, from North AmericaAge:18\nFemale\nMedications: Focalin XR 25mg, Taytull", "title": "I have had fever for 6 days and an enlarged lymph node on jaw?"}
{"text": "A few weeks ago, i experienced a few bumps on the glans of my penis, they had a small head to them, and within 36 hours had scabbed up. There was absolutely no pain with them or itching. They never opened up or oozed or anything. Now four weeks later they are practically healed, except for some raised skin where they used to be. I understand that this is a sensitive area and these bumps may take a little while to subside. This is the second time this has happened. Both times I went to a clinic, and had it looked at. Neither time was the doctor able to tell me what he thinks it was. I got full std checks, including hsv, and those came back negative. In your experience, what can cause something like this to happen? Could it just be some sort of skin condition, an infection, or fungal? I just cant see to find anyone that knows, or anyone who is familiar with painless bumps on the glans of penis. Last, Ive been experiencing tightness in my inner thighs throughout this process. I cant shake it. I\u2019m starting to think that maybe its all mental, but my legs do feel tight. And at times i had some perineal discomfort. I appreciate you taking the time, just looking for some advice or guidance, as what Ive gotten so far has been underwhelming to say the leastAge:25\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Experiencing painless bumps on penis, tests all negative, need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello, i had an shoulder injury while playing football in 2014 and i told it was a sprained ac joint. I went to the doctor they told me they didn\u2019t see a issue with it and still till this day my shoulder still gives me problems what should i do next", "title": "I had an shoulder injury while playing football, what should I do next?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 32 year old female, during my period I get extremely lightheaded and feel as though I\u2019m going to pass out, I also get chest pressure and short of breath, blurred vision and feel disoriented, I don\u2019t take any medications, this has been going of for the past few months, some are worse then others,Age:32\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "During my period I get extremely lightheaded and feel as though I\u2019m going to pass out?"}
{"text": "I had a hysterectomy 5 years ago for endometriosis ages 27. After the surgery I suffered severe infection which resulted in two further surgeries one to remove scar tissue around my bowels and lower intestine and one to remove my remaining Fallopian tube I also was admitted to hospital and put on  IV antibiotics for 7 day periods over a period of 13 months I was admitted 8 times doctors could never control the infection. I recovered for a period of around 6 months then started getting strange stinging electrical shock symptoms around my genital area and my back and head after many test I was diagnosed as delusional and put on medication which after being adjusted many times eased my anxiety but never my symptoms they continued to worsen I now constantly feel like something that feels slimy like small worms are crawling from my genitals or scalp I get a bad burning pain in my right shoulder blade that often extends down my back into my lower back/ buttock I often feel something is crawling or moving up from my bottom round either side of my waists to my belly button. Area this can sometimes produce also a strange smell which other people have smelt. This causes me to feel exhausted extremely bloated to the point I feel my stomach may pop and it becomes very distended I often feel sick and have random hot flushes, concussion a fuzzy feeling and low mood last time I was in the bath the sensation from my genitals was bad so I took a photo and I would like you to look and see if you see the dark worm type looking problem I see and feelAge:33\nFemale\nSertraline and rispiredon", "title": "I had a hysterectomy 5 years ago for endometriosis, have side effects please advise?"}
{"text": "about 4 months ago when updating my records of the mirapexin  pramipexole 0.26mg which should have been 2.6mg ( 10 times less than my prescription ) this resulted in 6 days in hospital. I my opinion my medications could now be too highParkinsons\nMirapexin pramipexole  2.6mg  1 tablet per day ( prescribed 2.6mg given .26mg )\nEntacapone 200mg  4 tablets per day\ncarbidopa and levodopa 25mg/100mg  8 tablets per day\nmadopar 50mg as required\nBlood pressure \u2013 my average for the last 3 months 117 / 72\nLosartan 100mg 1 per day\nAmlodipine 5mg 1 per day\nblood sugars \u2013 average 6.5\nMetformin 500mg 4 tablets per day\ngliciazide 80mg 4 tablets per da", "title": "My medication may be too high?"}
{"text": "I had a pelvic ultrasound and was wondering if you can tell me what this picture means and refers to? I am a 40yr female. Have had a hysterectomy 5 years ago they took everything but my ovaries. I have been suffering lethargy and nausea. Abdominal/pelvic bloating and feeling of needing to urinate often as well as deep low pelvic pain.\nAge:40\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I had a pelvic ultrasound, what does this mean?"}
{"text": "Hello I did IVF (2 embroys) and I am now almost 4 weeks pregnant (counting from the first day of my last period). My first beta 8 days post 5day transfer was 167, and my second one, 12day post 5day transfer is 1480 \u2013 a doubling time of 38 hours. Is this ok? Or does it have to be between 48 hours to 72 hours to be normal? Thank you.Age:24\nFemale\nMedications: progesterone and estradio", "title": "I am now almost 4 weeks pregnant are my beta tests ok?"}
{"text": "Been having digestive problems for over a year. Constipation or not feeling completely empty after bowel movements. Food sensitivities to soy wheat and diary. Stomach and guts feel inflamed and sore. Anxious feelings and can\u2019t relax. Headaches and head tension. Lacking mental clarity. Lower back pain upon awakening. Tired and lethargic. Almost depressed like feelings because I never feel good. Have tried enzymes, apple cider vinegar with no improvement. Have tried multiple doctors who want to give me anxiety meds instead of diagnosing.\nAge: 35\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Been having digestive problems for over a year. Constipation or not feeling completely empty after bowel movements?"}
{"text": "I am 29yr old Male, Suffering  with hypertension(170/120), hyperkalemia (6.1), diabetes(7.9% Blood Sugar) ,cholesterol, elevated bilirubin and unjaculated bilirubin and with High RBC and Low MCH, MCV Values. My Doctors are saying I m completely fine and just use Medicines for few days. I just want to confirm whether these complications are safe or I m in danger position.Also Having breathing issues while talkin", "title": "I am suffering from hypertension, hyperkalemia , diabetes, need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "I am a 77 year old man with one kidney I was recently hospitalized they think that I had a silent heart attack but it\u2019s now been 2 months I\u2019ve been out everything is improve the doctor say by kidneys doing better my blood pressure is good my livers good everything looks like it\u2019s improving but now they\u2019re telling me they want to do a cardiac catheterization angiogram and I just feel like maybe it\u2019s not necessary because I\u2019m older and I don\u2019t know if I should be doing that and I\u2019m making improvements so why do I need to do that procedur", "title": "I\u2019m 77 years old should I do a cardiac catheterization angiogram, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi, I got an MRI done on my lower back last week and am looking for some help in understanding the report. For some background information, about 6 years ago I got a compression fracture in my L1 vertabrae and my chiropractor, who\u2019d found it, essentially told me with certain exercises and chiropractic care it could be treated. Now for approximately the past year or two, my lower back pain has become chronic, leaving me with a constant mild-moderate pain level, only relief when I lay down, ice/heat. Ibuprofen no longer helps. Pain medications prescribed have only made me sick/tired. I know my compression fracture has since worsened however I don\u2019t fully understand the rest of the results. The report reads: \u201cMRI- MRI LUMBAR SPINE WITHOUT CONTRAST PERFORMED BY ADVANCED RADIOLOGY DATED 10.26.17 \u2013 IMPRESSION: Anterior wedge deformities of upper and lower endplates of L1 vertebral body. Associated reactive marrow changes are noted, with mild endplate spur. Relatively modest disc bulges, apart from L4-5, where a right paramedian herniation abuts the foraminal recess portion right L5 nerve root. L5-S1 bulge and facet changes produce relatively pronounced bilateral L5 foraminal stenoses, right greater than left.\u201dAge:21\nFemale\nMedications: Ibuprofe", "title": "I got an MRI done on my lower back last week and am looking for some help in understanding the report?"}
{"text": "Hello \u2014 this question pertains to my son, who is 19 years old.  He has had a pigmented mark on his upper back which I first noticed when he was about 8 or 10 years old.  It started off looking like a cafe au lait spot, and throughout the years, it has darkened and become rougher in appearance.  It is a little smaller that an inch, and looks like some smaller spots grouped together. His pediatrician had never raised any concern when I pointed it out, and he has no diagnosed medical conditions,  I recently took him to a dermatologist, and the physician\u2019s assistance there examined it with a dermascope and said it was a \u201clinear epidermal nevus\u201d, and further said that it can simply be monitored yearly and that the chances of it becoming anything dangerous are slim to none.  Unfortunately I made the big mistake of googling epidermal nevi and ran across information concerning related syndromes associated with epidermal nevi, and also information indicating that these nevi could have a genetic mutation with associated skin disease in offspring.  Again, my son has one solitary epidermal nevus and is otherwise healthy; just looking for some reassurance that I should not be concerned at all about related syndromes and potential gene mutations in his offspring (Dr. Google can be a dangerous man!)  Thank you", "title": "My son has a pigmented mark on his upper back, please advise?"}
{"text": "Onset yesterday morning of itchy blisters to left earlobe, got bigger, and painful since. Have couple similar today to right earlobe also.\nLeft love painful, red and swollen, mild pain to my left side face also.\nFeel well in self, had fever of 39 and sore throat for 2 days earlier in week.Age 28\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Developed itchy blisters on left earlobe, got bigger and painful?"}
{"text": "Last Saturday, I had sex with my wife.  I had orgasm, but did not ejaculate.  I have had that problem for several months, I would have orgasm and many times, not ejaculate.  However, Sat8urday, after I had orgasm, my wife masturbated me and there was a little ejaculation of sperm.  Since that time, I am urinating twice an hour, and feeling immense pressure to urinate.  I am currently taking Cipro and Metronidazole (diverticulitis problems in the past) for antibiotics.  Been taking both since Last Saturday morning.  Nothing is helping as yet.Age:66\nMale\nMedications: cipro, metonidazol", "title": "I am urinating twice an hour, and feeling immense pressure to urinate?"}
{"text": "Ok I\u2019ve been prescribed xanex for a few months now and when I ran out I had a seizure two days in a row. Now I haven\u2019t touched them in over a week, I think my body has completely detoxed from the medication. However, I have severe anxiety and am able to refill my script, if I take them every 3 days rather than every day do you think I\u2019ll protect myself from having to deal with seizures or withdrawal from it again? Please help", "title": "I had a seizure two days in a row, I am prescribed Xanex?"}
{"text": "Breathing difficulty while running ,climbing etc. consulted various doctors (Heart, Respiratory Specialist, Dentist, ENT) and conducted various tests\nTests Performed.\nPFT (Pulmonary function tests)\nCHEST PA\nCHG (HB TC DC, PLT ETC)\nE.C.G\nX-Ray CHEST Cavity is clear\nNo symptoms of TB\n2D Echo\nNasal cavity is fine as well.\nAll are nomal but i still have the problem with no solution at hand.Age:34\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Breathing difficulty while running consulted various doctors but still have a problem?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had pain and discomfort in my lower abdomen on and off for over 20 years after straining on the toilet and was diagnosed with IBS. Recently the discomfort has come back and won\u2019t go. Yesterday I had a CT scan and was told there was nothing visible, and that my bloods were all fine but that I\u2019m quite dehydrated. I\u2019m going to ask for a 2nd opinion as I know there\u2019s something amiss\u2026. and my feeling is I may have either and abdominal tear or maybe a Spigelian hernia (I have had 2 bouts of extreme pain and vomiting in the past 10 years). That said in the meantime, is there anything I can buy over the counter to ease the pain and discomfort?\u2026 Maybe Laxido or Fybogel?? Many thanks.Age:41\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I\u2019ve had pain and discomfort in my lower abdomen on and off for over 20 years?"}
{"text": "I am in a relationship with a an HIV positive person, we use protection all the time, we also do oral sex and that\u2019s my worry, what are the chances of getting infected throw oral sex?What can be done to minimize the risk?\nI also want to know about kissing, we kiss a lot, that was before we found out about his positive status, and my negative one, can we gave a normal relationship without exposing myself to the virus", "title": "I am in a relationship with a an HIV positive person, what can be done to minimize the risk?"}
{"text": "Hi, years ago i suffered injury to my left middle shoulder in the gym. A year ago I went to a physiotherapist (bioenergist) hoping he could help fix my shoulder. Instead of treating my shoulder directly He told me to lay on my stomach (so I did), and He went on top of me and started cracking my entire spine (bashing) forcefully. I didn\u2019t know what cracking my spine had to do with my left shoulder problem, but ever since than i started to feel weakness in muscles of my sacral vertebraes all the way to my cervical vertebraes. I can\u2019t sleep properly for months, i feel like I don\u2019t have will for life anymore, everytime when I eat food I feel like I am going to suffocate on food, my neck muscles really loosen up, the back of my neck is shaking, I am having a hard time to breathe deeply, most of the muscles of my body are loosen up, I am breathing more through my stomach rather than I should breathe through my thorax, I feel like my back ribs are making pressure on my lungs, I can\u2019t burp when I need to. The physiotherapist treatment made my life very difficult to live. I don\u2019t know what to do. I am desperate. Could you please help me?Age:28\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I suffered an injury to my left middle shoulder, after treatment my pain is worse?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m having this symptom everytime i\u2019m talking for a time with friends or anyone. I feel stunned and mentally drained, it\u2019s really bad. It\u2019s not the tipical \u201cfeeling tired after hanging out\u201d it\u2019s something worse. I noticed that if i take a asprin before hanging out, it doesn\u2019t happen at all or just slightly. So yeah, everytime i have to hang out with friends, i must take an aspirin to prevent this to happen. I also got this symptom trying to sing a song in my car and after taking several breaths. Yeah, after singing for a minute and taking breaths, boom i get this symptom (brain stunned and drained/tired) I really don\u2019t know what\u2019s going on, never had something like this before. I also noticed that if i drink something with sugar/caffein i feel slighty better. Has it something to do with brain oxygenation? I readt something about it and the symptoms are similiar. I suffered from long stress. Is it causing this? Someone suggested me to do a magnetic resonance. I really need to know what\u2019s going on, i don\u2019t think it\u2019s right to take an aspirin everytime i have to hang out. Looks like \u201ctalking\u201d causes it.\nAge:29\nMale\nMedications: Nothing", "title": "I feel stunned and mentally drained, should I get an MRI?"}
{"text": "My big toe nail started to turn purple about 2 weeks ago but it\u2019s just on the right side of my toe nail, no pain and it seems to be on the skin directly around the nail bed and looks as though it\u2019s slightly over the cuticle, do you think it\u2019s serious? I don\u2019t remember hurting the toe itself\nAge:31\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "My big toe nail started to turn purple about 2 weeks ago, is it serious?"}
{"text": "White growth in my throat, numb tongue (right side), very very dizzy.  I also have\nMS.  Hope I\u2019m not having a stroke.  Parts of my body have been numb for 3  yrs.  Getting worse (dizzy and lack of energy) for a month.  I am almost 56 yrs old.  Diagnosed with MS 3 yrs ago.Age:56\nFemale\nMedications: COPD meds, naproxe", "title": "White growth in my throat, numb tongue (right side), very very dizzy, is it a stroke?"}
{"text": "My daughter had a baby a week ago . She went back to her Dr. 2 days ago and got restitched.\nHe gave her prescribed for her Percocet, peroxide\nFlush,sits bath, ice to freeze it . She is still in horrible pain just crying from pain .\nShe says it\u2019s a drop better . What can I do to help her ? No one should have to be in such pain for a week", "title": "My daughter had a baby a week ago , she\u2019s in terrible pain?"}
{"text": "My question is regarding my mother; she is 62 yrs. old with no previous medical concerns, non-smoker, and non-drinker. However she does not regularly see a doctor for annual check ups. Just this month she cancelled a trip over seas due to finding blood in her urine. Ever since then she has had all kinds of testing done including: a physical with breast exam, blood work (Glucose-fasting, cholesterol, TSH, CBC), urinalysis, mammogram and bone densitometry, seen an OBGYN and had a pap, and a pelvic/abdominal ultrasound. Out of all these tests the bone densitometry showed signs of osteoporosis and the abdominal ultrasound showed some enlarged lymph nodes, everything else was normal including WBC. So her doctor recommended an abdominal/pelvic CT scan to \u201crule out malignancy\u201d we did the CT and everything was normal except \u201cat least 3 enlarged lymph nodes within the root of the small bowel mesentery the largest measuring 3.3x 1.8 x 2.9 cm. There is no pelvic or inguinal lymphadenopathy by size criteria. No ascites\u201d \u2013this is quoting the radiologists report.  In this report he recommended we follow up with a chest CT to look for any other lymphadenopathy or overt intrathoracic malignancies and also that we biopsy the abdominal lymph nodes by ultrasound guided fine needle aspiration. So we did the chest CT and it came back as a normal chest CT with \u201cno signs of intrathoracic lymphadenopathy\u201d.  Now we are booked in for the Fine needle biopsy on Thursday. My question is have we missed looking into anything that may have caused these 3 enlarged lymph nodes or could this be a purely isolated case? Would a PET scan help diagnose anything lurking that we may have missed? I understand that lymphoma could be a possible diagnosis and that is why they are doing the biopsy but does lymphoma generally start in the abdominal lymph nodes?\nThank you very muc", "title": "Found blood in urine with some enlarged lymph nodes, what tests need to done?"}
{"text": "History\u2026.fibromyalgia, arachnoid cyst base of brain, bicuspid aortic valve replacement with ascending aortic root replacement, history of tia, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.  Issue\u2026severe headache starting at top of neck going up back of head then spreading out over whole head at top of head, dizziness, nausea, vomiting, little confusion, weakness and now an electrical probe feeling on head, severe pain in arm that comes and goes", "title": "Severe headache starting at top of neck going up back of head?"}
{"text": "Hi.\nI am 65 year old. I referred to the clinic for pain while urinating. I saw a drop of blood later. The urologist required a cystoscopy. The final diagnosis read \u201cMalignant neoplasm of bladder, part unspecified 188.9\u201d. The doctor asserts me that i have no problems with the exception of a prostatic enlargement and gave me medicine for that.\nI am worried about the final diagnosis.\nCan you explain this to me with some plain English?\nThanks", "title": "I had a cystoscopy for a prostatic enlargement, please advise?"}
{"text": "I went out last night and overindulged in alcohol. I drank way too much. Now it is 16 hours since my last drink and I still feel horrible. I am vomiting and I can\u2019t eat. I\u2019m shaking, heart racing, dizzy and light headed. I also am \u201cseeing stars\u201d. I have shallow breathing and I feel like I could pass out at any moment. Point being I have a horrible hangover. Question is, should I go to the hospital and tell them of my symptoms. I\u2019m afraid I will have a seizure or a stroke or something. I generally do not drink this much so I am worried how I feel.\nAge:35\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I went out last night and overindulged in the alcohol, I\u2019m afraid I will have a seizure or a stroke?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m concerned about the results of my blood work. Could someone go over it with me, Please? I know each lab is different, so I\u2019ll list (normal) then what mine is.Means Corpuscular Hemoglobin\n  (28.0-33.3 pg) 26.1 LOW\nMean Corpuscular HGB Conc\n   (31.6-35.5 g/dL) 31.4 LOW\nPlatelet Count\n   (140-400 K/mcL) 488 HIGH\nAlkaline Phosphate\n   (38-126 Units L) 136 HIGH\nGobulin\n   (2.4-3.5 g/dl)   3.6 HIGH\nAnti-Microsomal Antibody\n   (0.0-9.0 IU/ml)   25.2 A     T3 AND T4 WERE WITHIN NORMAL\nT3 Total\n     (.58-1.59 ng/mL) .98\nT4 Free\n   (0.70-1.48) 1.05*each level is consistently getting lower if it was LOW and higher if it was HIGHI do have an appointment, but again got a call my appointment has been pushed out. I\u2019ve been waiting for 4 weeks now. Thank yo", "title": "I\u2019m concerned about the results of my blood work, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am 64. Three years ago, I had a CT scan (or MRI) on my lungs to check for lung cancer (former smoker). It showed I had emphysema. I then went to Mayo Clinic in MI for assessment and was told it was mild and I may never be bothered by it.\nTwo weeks ago I did a sleep study at home. I did the unattended home portable study.\nThe Nurse called and said I did not have sleep apnea, but\nThe report states, \u201cPrimary Diagnosis as Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome\u201d.\nReport Results are:\n02 sat less than 90% 481 minutes, less than 88% 202 minutes. Average 02 sat 88%. Average respiratory rate 12, pulse rate was about 65 plus or minus.\nRespiratory events:\nNo obstructive apneas, 70 hypopneas.\nAHI \u2013 7.3 supine for 178 minutes AHI 7.1\nAssessment:\nBorderline obstructive sleep apnea G47.33\nHypoxemia G47.34\nRecommendations 02 at 2L/min\nNocturnal oximetry study at 2 L/minMy question is, How serious is this, am I going to be dragging around an oxygen bottle in a couple of years?\nHow could I have \u201cobstructive sleep apnea syndrome or Borderline obstructive sleep apnea if the results showed \u201cno obstructive apneas?\u201d\nBeing my AHI was 7.3 does that mean my case is \u201cmild?\u201d Is my oxygen saturation of 88% really bad?\nI am 20-25 lbs overweight", "title": "I have Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome, how serious is this?"}
{"text": "I have been taking gabapentin 900mg daily for 3 months and have developed edema in both legs.  ( I read it is a side effect) Edema started almost immediately but drug is helping so I\u2019ve continued taking it.  Now my concern is this: Left leg has more swelling than right and now has slight feeling of pulling of skin and tingling.  (not pain),but there is a slightly pink area on shin and down to ankle.  Can the pink coloration be a normal part of the edema?  Thank you.\nAge:69\nFemale\nMedications: gabapentin, actos metformen,lipitor,enalipri", "title": "I have been taking gabapentin 900mg daily, left leg now has more swelling than right, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have no sensation inside my vagina. I can feel my finger for instance going in but I cannot feel anything pleasurable. My clitoris feels fine upon stimulation, however, I get absolutely no sexual sensation inside my vagina, particularly the G-spot. What is wrong with me, and how do I fix this?\nAge:24\nFemale\nMedications: abilif", "title": "I have numbness and no sensation in my G-spot, what is wrong with me?"}
{"text": "I get headaches when I have to read something complex or long,memorize anything ,talk to more than one person or group of people ,try to study , even when to talk with someone in important issue.\nwhen I know someone is going to tell me something that is important that I remember, I get an uncomfortable headache.\nMy biggest problem in exam period , It\u2019s torture to study for days and try to concentrate and memorize things and on exam day it\u2019s painful to recall things.\nAge:22\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I get a headache when I concentrate for a long period of time?"}
{"text": "with Acetaminophen -and induced Neophrotoxicity, cause accute kidney failure/ injury and requires surgery for repair.?  advised cause is between collecting chambers of the kidney and 2 blood vessels come out of one part of the kidney instead of separate origins.effects breathing and swollen legs..advised life threatening without operation.", "title": "Can Neophrotoxicity cause kidney failure, does it require surgery, please elaborate?"}
{"text": "I have an issue with my finger and can\u2019t seem to figure out what it is. I think I may have been attacked by an angry ant but unsure. It\u2019s tender to touch and I have a headache that won\u2019t go away and I have a 100.2 fever. I just started using beynadrly orally and Cortizone10 on the skin", "title": "I have an issue with my finger It\u2019s tender to touch and I have a headache that won\u2019t go away?"}
{"text": "Had a rash appear on my chin two weeks or so go I thought it was deep cystic acne as it was very swollen red and hot with and orange coating over the top. it\u2019s now scabbed and\nHealed but I\u2019ve not come out with it on my cheek? they are very sore to touch love\nNever suffered from acne so maybe it\u2019s a\nSkin infection?\nAge:29\nFemale\nMedications: Sertraline 150m", "title": "I have a rash on my face, is it a skin infection?"}
{"text": "I got an MRI this morning and am unable to see my doctor for a month. I was wondering is anything stood out. I notice there is something odd on the right side of my wrist\u2026 so my question is does this scan look normal? I have had pain on the ulnar side if my right wrist for quite some time. Pain is induced by using the end for more than a few seconds. I have an electric wave feeling that shoots from my wrist up my forearm and sometimes find my pinky and ring finger to be tingly.Age; 20\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I got an MRI,  does this scan look normal?"}
{"text": "My Dr never mentioned anything about my chest x ray showings. Upon reading the report from the radiologist his report shows: biapical pleural thickening, perihilar interstitial prominence, mild hyperaeration. I don\u2019t even know what any of this means. I haven\u2019t had any symptoms until recently I started coughing and getting winded going  up stairs, but aside from that I\u2019m healthy.", "title": "I started coughing, had x ray, please explain results?"}
{"text": "Hi my wife and I are trying to have a baby. She had a miscarriage last year. Her TVS result indicated that there is no heartbeat. After that she had been trying to get pregnant until now.  Today I had semen analysis just to make sure I have contributed my part . I  am concerned about my ph of 8.5  is my result okay?  I uploaded my sperm analysis report.\nAge:36\nMale\nMedications: multivitamin", "title": "My wife and I are trying to have a baby, are my semen analysis results ok?"}
{"text": "Hello. I have been unwell for about 4 days. Bad pain in my left ear, my left top wisdom tooth is through and c ausing pain jaw stiffness hurts to open my mouth, nausea s, vomiting yesterday loss of appetite, feeling bloated, headache/pain up through left temple, no energy feeling tired constantly. Single mum to 5 year old so i need to get better. I dont have the money to get to other side of town to see my gp or to hospital. Any help would be much appreciated. I am asthmatic, and on microgynon 50mg contraceptive. And may have lowcase of thrombocytopenia. (My platlets).Age:30 years old\nFemale\nMedications: microgynon 50mg, panadol (which does not help) and was on Tranexamic acid tablets (which i had to take for 4 days)", "title": "Bad pain in my left ear, loss of appetite, feeling bloated?"}
{"text": "I see people\u2019s body swapping with others and their souls . I take ever so long taking the body\u2019s and souls out and put them in the right bodies . It is causing me anxiety when I go outside because I can see this picture of a person who looks bad and I get high anxiety when ever I see that persons body or that person in case the body might swap in another persons body please help. I go red and confused and start shakin", "title": "I am suffering from anxiety, become confused and start shaking?"}
{"text": "Good day I wanted to let my time look out the I have got over night. can they assess what it is supposed to be?I was already today with the doctor could not say anything. otherwise no complaints. so it just came over night and at the hand I have also a little.\nAge:36\nMale\nMedications : Non", "title": "Developed some sort of rash overnight, what can it be?"}
{"text": "My period was very spotty this month/I didn\u2019t really have one and my period has always been regular. Could this be a sign and symptom of hiv (I\u2019m not pregnant). I just got a yearly TB test at the hospital I work at and I never saw the LVN draw up the medicine into the syringe to inject in me. So now I\u2019m wondering if she used a dirty needle. Three weeks after my TB test I broke out with a cold sore. I don\u2019t know if it\u2019s just wrong ytiming I mean I usually get cold sores maybe 1-3 times a year since I was a child. I didn\u2019t think anything of the cold sore until my period got all goofed up. Please help! Thanks!Age:31\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I didn\u2019t really have a period this month, could this be a sign and symptom of hiv?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nThe roof of my mouth slightly near the middle I have a few red/blood looking spots. I\u2019ve only just noticed them today. The roof of my mouth has been itchy all day and only seems to of just occurred. One of the veins at the back of my throat is also looking really dark purple.\nAge:21\nFemale\nMedications: Proza", "title": "I have a few red/blood looking spots on the roof of my mouth, is this something I should worry about?"}
{"text": "I hit the bottom part of my leg back in early April of this year on a wooden frame going around a settee. I went to A&E who said nothing was broken but no x-ray was taken. I\u2019ve since seen two of my own gp\u2019s as I\u2019m still in pain, unable to touch it and still have a lump which they said was a collection of blood. They also refused me an x-ray stating \u2018if you\u2019d broken it, you\u2019d certainly know about\u2019. Surely 7 months of pain and swelling suggests otherwise? Could I have a stress fracture? How do I get a diagnosis when no doctor will send for an x-ray? The picture enclosed is how my leg was a few days after the accident and NOT how it looks now.Age:42\nFemale\nMedications: Levothyroxine, Citalopra", "title": "I hit the bottom part of my leg, could I have a stress fracture?"}
{"text": "My son is a 32 yr old 6\u2032 2\u2033 195 lb seemingly healthy man EXCEPT sometimes when he eats within the first bite of food his throats will block up. It will constrict causing pain but relax. Sometimes after a minute or more the food will work it\u2019s way down and he can continue to eat but on many occasions the food will not go down. He can not eat or drink anything as nothing will pass he then will have to make himself throw up to dislodge the food. But will not then be able to eat for a long while. This might happen15-20 times a month. He has tried drinking before he eats but makes no difference. He has had the problem for about 8 years. Because of no insurance he has not tried medical treatment. As his mother, I am very concerned for his health. There doesn\u2019t seem to be any particular food that triggers the problem", "title": "After the first bite of food, throat will block up?"}
{"text": "Ok so I am in pretty good health from what I know and I have felt absolutely normal until this last Monday morning I wake up my gums not just in a few places they are swollen all over my mouth, I had oral thrush on my tongue, on that day I had 1 sore middle bottom lip small but painful today is Wednesday 2 days later I have 2 sores on my tongue and 1 inside my upper lip and 2 inside my lower lip. On top of just that. Monday even until today I have been dizzy, minor headache, lots of stomach pain but randomly, have a hard time eating when I do it causes my stomach pain I have had maybe 10-12 bites of food in the last 4 days. Yesterday I was throwing up for about 8 hours I hadn\u2019t eaten much food but the color every time was dark brown like beef broth only a little darker and had a weird medicine type taste not like when I\u2019ve ever thrown up in the past and I hadn\u2019t taken any medicine or anything at that point. My temperature has been a steady 100 degrees Fahrenheit since Monday morning at 5:00am. Whole body has been weak and muscle soreness since Monday. Yesterday on Tuesday after I finally stopped throwing up my lower abdomen and my groin were in major pain so much so that I couldn\u2019t get much needed sleep. It wasn\u2019t until last night that it went away and I slept almost the whole night. I did have a root canal 2 years ago and only got as far as the temporary filling after and couldn\u2019t afford the replacement tooth that area doesn\u2019t look very good but I can\u2019t imagine this many symptoms happening literally overnight. Had none of it Sunday night woke up Monday like I was attacked by the plague or poisoned something crazy. Please help I don\u2019t know if this is like a flu or a bug or it will go away I feel better today than the last 2 days but still not better at all and more sores keep appearing in my mouth in random places for no reason.Age:31\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "My gums are swollen all over my mouth, is it the flu or a bug?"}
{"text": "Can you look at the brown area on my husbands lip. He has had it for years and his dermatologist looked at it a few months ago. He said it was fine but it still worries me. Is this normal sun damage or something more concerning? I know it has been there for at least 6 years and hasn\u2019t changed that I can tell at all. Thanks.\nAge:36\nMale\nMedications: sudifed,", "title": "My husband has a brown area on his lips, is this normal?"}
{"text": "Hello Dr, can you advice please,\nmy complain that I sleep more than usual 10 hours daily and lose concentrate quickly\nI did blood test and found\nHaemoglobin 13.7 g/dl\nHaematocrit (PCV) L 40%\nMCV L77.6 fl\nMCH L 26.5 pg\nMCHC 34.2 g/dl\nPlatelet Count (EDTA Blood) 204\nComment : in blood test report\nRBCs SHOW MILD MICROCYTOSIShow do i reduce the LDL and increase HDL, my tall 176 cm and weight 79 kg ( i am slim) I don\u2019t eat meat too much very rare because i don\u2019t like it, I wondered how this fat come\n**I have FMF since i was 3 years old, and taking 1 mg colchicine dailyCan you advice and how much vitamin i need to take, some times i take multivitamin as daily bases like Centrum..\nAge:36\nMale\nmedications: Non", "title": "I sleep more than usual 10 hours daily and lose concentrate quickly, are my high LDL and low HDL the problem?"}
{"text": "I have two big spots behind my legs that are blue blackish and my legs sometimes feel numb what is the cause of it I didn\u2019t hurt it and I\u2019ve been feeling it like this for a week and sometimes it changes to the other leg.. sometimes it get really numb and I don\u2019t feel my leg at all.\nAge:24\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "My legs sometimes feel numb and have blue blackish spots,  what can cause this?"}
{"text": "Over five weeks ago I had unprotected sex. Tested negative recently for pregnancy. So, does that mean I\u2019m not pregnant? I\u2019ve tested multiple times with different brands and they are all negative. Shouldn\u2019t it show up by now? I just would like to know to put myself at ease. I have an irregular period so I can\u2019t go off that.", "title": "Tested negative recently for pregnancy. So, does that mean I\u2019m not pregnant?"}
{"text": "My son has this rash for 2 weeks now, has only gotten worse, its everywhere and itchy. He has been vaccinated for chicken pox, I haven\u2019t changed anything like soap or food, and we haven\u2019t gone anywhere or had anyone in our home. I\u2019m unable to take him in no transportation", "title": "My son has this rash for 2 weeks now its everywhere and itchy?"}
{"text": "I have had 2 cardiac ablations and although not 100% successful, my symptoms are not as frequent nor as aggressive. However I have just found out I am.pregnant and am wondering if this could cause any issues for me. My last 2 pregnancies (before diagnosis and surgeries) seemed to trigger the palpitations quite aggressively", "title": "I have had 2 cardiac ablations, can pregnancy cause any issues?"}
{"text": "I am 20 years old and was diagnosed with Typhoid when I was 14 years old. I underwent treatment but a relapse of Typhoid occurred, as per the doctor when he examined the next report. Thereafter, I was vaccinated for 3 years against typhoid.\nNow I had been suffering from fever since a week and other symptoms and was asked to get my blood tested. The doctor has told me that it is typhoid yet again. I I am 20 years old and was diagnosed with Typhoid when I was 14 years old. I underwent treatment but a relapse of Typhoid occurred, as per the doctor when he examined the next report. Thereafter, I was vaccinated for 3 years against typhoid.\nNow I had been suffering from fever since a week and other symptoms and was asked to get my blood tested. I had fever and severe headache, nausea, extreme cold and feeling cold. The doctor checked the report and has told me that it is typhoid yet again. I have attached a report of my test. I want to know if I am on the right track or not. On the internet I found some relevant information (on web-Salmonella typhi H and O titres greater than or equal to 1:160 occurred in respectively 82% and 58% of typhoid fever patients; only 4% of healthy individuals and 8% of non-typhoid patients had Widal titres greater than or equal to 1:80. In typhoid fever, the H titre is elevated earlier and more frequently than the O titre. Antibody rise is maximal during the second week of illness. Antibiotic treatment did not affect the rise of antibody titre in typhoid fever. A single Widal test in an unvaccinated Ethiopian patient showing H and/or O titres greater than or equal to 1:160 and typhoid-like symptoms is strongly strongly suggestive of typhoid fever.) but I couldn\u2019t understand if my doctor is giving me treatment according to that information", "title": "I have fever and severe headache, nausea and feeling cold, do I have Typhoid fever?"}
{"text": "I have developed widespread tendonitis throughout my whole body. Its in my arms ,elbows, shoulders, hips, knees and feet. What could be causing my tendons to be so weak and break down so easily ? Is it a specific deficiency or maybe an autoimmune response? I m a 23 yr old male with semi active job.i used to go to the gym but now i cant with these tendon issues. Please someone help me", "title": "I have developed widespread tendonitis throughout my whole body, is it a specific deficiency or maybe an autoimmune response?"}
{"text": "Do I have to do Saline Ultrasound if my transvaginal results (this ultrasound was done on cycle day 13) said \u201cpossible 14 mm polyp, repeat cycle day 5-10. If persistent do sonohysterogram\u201d. I just did my repeat regular transvaginal ultrasound at cycle day 8. I hope it comes back fine. I do not want to do Saline ultrasound at all. If these second results come back fine. Am I okay not to do the Saline ultrasound", "title": "Do I need a Saline Ultrasound with a 14 mm polyp?"}
{"text": "How long does spit stay in your mouth. Let\u2019s say i some ethanol dissolved in my saliva 1 year ago and i did not swallow it, is that same ethanol-containing saliva still in my mouth?Age:21\nMale\nMedications: Vitamin", "title": "Does ethanol dissolved in my saliva stay in mouth?"}
{"text": "2 months ago I had a tumor on my spinal cord and had it removed. At that time I had swelling from t2-t5 and the tumor had compressed my spinal cord and caused spinal stenois. My surgery went as planned, but 2 months later I developed tingling in my left foot and leg, why is this happening", "title": "After tumor removed from spinal cord, developed tingling in my left foot and leg?"}
{"text": "I recently had my first pelvic exam they told me I have Cervicitis And Bv. Does this mean that my boyfriend has NGU? If so is it possible that my Cervicitis was caused by NGU. I recently was tested for chlamydia, gonorrhea and trich and syphilis and HIV all came back negative. Do I need to get tested for other std s that I\u2019m not aware of", "title": "I have Cervicitis And Bv. Does this mean that my boyfriend has NGU  (nongonococcal urethritis)?"}
{"text": "I am a 76 year old male who had a by-pass in 2012, has hypertension and heart disease.  My cardiologist has cleared me to have sex, but I am experiencing ED.  I want to add L Arginine and Pycnogenol to my list of vitamins because I read that they may be helpful in combating ED. Is there a problem with also using Cialis or Viagra", "title": "I am a 76 year old male who had a by-pass in 2012, has hypertension and heart disease?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026), I have a mole on my back it was itchy now scabbing and red It\u2019s a little discolored and crusty.  I am a little concerned about the small and I need a little more information or maybe I can get a checked out and also skin cancer on my family. I\u2019m going to send you the photo in the attachment.\nAge:38\nFemale\nMedications: Norvase, lisinoprol metropo", "title": "I have a mole on my back, is it cancer?"}
{"text": "I have a pseudo Jones fracture on the 5th metatarsal that was obtained 10/3/17. I have a physically demanding job and they won\u2019t allow me to return unless I have a note from the doctor saying that I can return with absolutely no restrictions. In your opinion. When would I be able to return to work?Age: 33\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have a pseudo Jones fracture on the 5th metatarsal, when can I return to work?"}
{"text": "I have a 5 year old daughter and my husband and I are trying for a baby, we have been trying for some time now but are having no luck \u2013 I was diagnosed with PCOS after having my 5 year old.\nI have PCOS and would like some information on Metformin \u2013 As a few doctors have suggested it.\nI am an asthmatic and I would like to know if i can take this medication while taking my asthma prevention?\nAre there any long term side effects?\nWhat dosage is normal?\nHow long do you normally take it for?\nCan a any GP prescribe me this?Age:24\nFemale\nMedications: Singulai", "title": "I am an asthmatic and I would like to know if i can take Metformin?"}
{"text": "My Name is (\u2026) I live in Ethiopia i have a medical problem with may wife my wife always complains of back pain sore throat and frequency of urine but no more urine when she goes to the toilet. Then we visited health institution in last night he diagnosed PID + uteres infection. I confused when the lab test has written Anti body positive  so what means anti body positive please give good knowledge is may wife hiv positive or not??", "title": "Diagnosed PID + uteres infection, anti body positive, does that mean HIV positive?"}
{"text": "I am the caregiver for my mother while she is going through chemotherapy.  She has recently been diagnosed with meningitis.  Should my family and I be tested for meningitis?  We are still waiting for the complete answer on her exact diagnosis, and she is being treated in the hospital with broad spectrum antibiotic", "title": "My mother has been diagnosed with meningitis, should my family and I be tested for meningitis?"}
{"text": "Good day. I have a son, age 14. He was diagnosed with Charcot Marie Tooth disease type 2a1 about 8 years ago \u2013 we did genetic testing, and it is the MFN2 gene. he is wheelchair bound, with little use of his hands and legs. However, for the last few days he is also getting a \u201cconstricted\u2019 feeling in his throat. Is this \u2018normal\u2019 for this disease? It does not last very long \u2013 about 5-10 minutes. I am obviously a bit concerned. Regards", "title": "My son was diagnosed with Charcot Marie Tooth disease type 2a1 he is also getting a \u201cconstricted\u2019 feeling in his throat. Is this normal?"}
{"text": "Hello Doctor,\nI started to take Ezetrol tablet daily 1 for last 8 months to lower my cholesterol level as per Doctor advise.\nRecently I have noticed that SGPT (ALT) level increased consistent during this period from 39 to 80.  I have stopped taking this medicine  from this week. Can you please shed more light on this. Why the level go up and is this effect my liver function etc.\nThank you for the prompt repl", "title": "I have noticed that SGPT (ALT) level increased, why does the level go up?"}
{"text": "My friend has had a kidney removed an he has a knot the size of a grapefruit. And he is in so much pain he cant hardly move. It looks infected what should he do he went back to the doctor yesterday and they told him they would schedule him another appointment but actually told him nothing should he go to the emergency room or what should he do because he is in so much pain an it has been 2 months since the surgery to remove his right kidney and he isn\u2019t any better am very concerne", "title": "My friend has had a kidney removed an he has a knot the size of a grapefruit?"}
{"text": "Quick background: 3 ops on the right knee, 1 ACL and 2 menicus tears. I have played soccer since I was 5, I am now 46 years old. I exercise the knee daily, play table tennis and soccer once or twice weekly. The knee recently started swelling. I treated it with RICE. Swellings gone. Now very localised pain top of patella and a finger width towards inside of knee. Very painful when attempting a run and sore to the touch. Walking only occasional pain. Occasional slight give way. Lots of grinding, crunching and crackling from the knee. Any ideas pls", "title": "I had 3 ops on the right knee, 1 ACL and 2 menicus tears, the knee recently started swelling?"}
{"text": "I have severe pain and muscle spasms with a drop in barometer pressure.  Then when pressure returns to close to normal my body is sore and still spasms.   I have been told I have fibromyalgia.   I do have pain on a every day basis and migraines.   I just can\u2019t emphasize enough on how much pain I am in when pressure drops or with wind.  Dr\u2019s look at me like \u201coh really \u201c.   I\u2019m seriously getting so distraught.  I can barely function.   I\u2019m a RN and love my job but I\u2019m coming to the conclusion it\u2019s really effecting my job.  All I can do is work ( and that\u2019s every day struggle, sometimes I cry on the way home because I\u2019m so tired and in pain).  I take all the meds related to Fibromyalgia and still no relief.  Blood work shows no inflammatory problems.   Dr \u2018s say must be Fibromyalgia.  I am just asking if anyone else has any ideas of what could be going on.  Thank you.  Desperat", "title": "I have severe pain and muscle spasms, is it fibromyalgia?"}
{"text": "Help me please! I pulled this out of my face. It looked like a pimple. I have other pimples that now look like tiny worms in my face, arms, and legs. I expelled one 2 inches long in my in my stool. It was flat with dark then light square pattern. I have tried ivermectin in desperation. But I don\u2019t know if that\u2019s what I should be taking and how long to take it. They came out my eyes too, looked like little hairs and larvae. I had slight edema in my ankle and sometimes feel stickyness on my skin. I keep getting things inside me. I was cleaning a dirty stove today and a red dot attatched to my leg, that turned into a worm after I tried to scrape it off. It then had little ones spread around it. I\u2019m really scared. Please help me!\nAge: 39\nFemale\nMedications: None, but tried ivermectin", "title": "I have pimples that look like tiny worms, tried ivermectin?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 32 years old woman who has history of light PCOS and recently have been diagnosed with a 21 mm Sub serosal Myoma. I have been having serious pain around uterus area on and off and it becomes very serious on my periods. Recently I have taken Epimedium pills and that gets me even worse and I bleed after taking that. What do you suggest ? Should I stop taking Epimedium? I have hard time finding any helpful information on Epimedium known as Horny Goat Weed which has helped me with my sex life but otherwise have negative effects on me.Thank you very muc", "title": "I have a history of light PCOS and recently have been diagnosed with a 21 mm Sub serosal Myoma?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m post op for three weeks and two days now from neck surgery fusion not sure of which disc that fused together it was about a five hour surgery but any way the reason I\u2019m writing this is that when I wake up in the morning my hands are numb and tingling and feels like they are sewed on sounds crazy I know but eventually it goes away but my left arm starts getting getting a cold sensations and do not have a neck brace that fits right. Sure could use some comforting thought", "title": "I\u2019m post op from neck surgery fusion is it normal my hands feel numb?"}
{"text": "I am a 43 year old male and I feel so stupid. I got drunk in Las Vegas with some friends at a bachelor party, and ended up having sex with a \u201cmassage parlor\u201d worker later in the night, a girl from Thailand. She gave me oral sex and then we had vaginal sex. I didn\u2019t touch her vagina with my fingers. Earlier in the evening, i had trimmed myself in my pubic area and had a slight abrasion, no bleeding. I used a condom with her, and she even checked to see if it was intact, it was. She then wiped me down toward the tip of my penis with a Kleenex. I then went to the bathroom and urinated. About 6 hours later, my penis slightly felt discomfort after I peed again.\nNow i am scared that i caught something, this all happened 4 days ago. The next day after the sex, I took a pill of Viread (tenofovir) and took it for four days. Viread is for chronic hepatitis and also used sometimes for HIV. I read that some people used it for post or pre exposure prophylaxis to HIV (as a part of Truvada). I was given some Viread pills from a close friend who actually had extras because he does have chronic hepatitis. What are my chances of having caught a disease or HIV? Do I need to worry about this because I am very worried. What should i do doctor? Do I need to be on meds or do I need to get tested? Thank you!\nAge:44\nMale\nMedications: Took Viread for four day", "title": "I may have caught an STD, took Viread?"}
{"text": "Lately I have been having weird discharge and I\u2019m worried. At first my discharge changed to being heavy and watery with a weird odor then just dry and uncomfortable meaning I stopped having a discharge. Now it heavy once again  with the same odor. I did go to a doctor yesterday and was offered a Pap smear exam but because of my fears and backed out. Initially I believed I had a yeast infection so that\u2019s what I told the doctor and because I didn\u2019t want to do the Pap smear he just decided to give me a one dose medication for a yeast infection. However today I\u2019m not so sure I made the right decision. I have noticed a change in my discharge since taking the pill, however when I went to the bathroom and wiped a noticed a brown streak in my discharge. I immediately start to panic and reading up on YouTube only increased my fears. I am honestly worried sick.. to the point of breaking down. I need some advice before i approach my sister. P.S My period started 14 days ago (last for 7 days). Also, noticed that I barely ever get aroused and when I do I don\u2019t get \u201cwet\u201d. 21 year old virgin. I would have mentioned a lot of these things to my doctor but he was so fast paced, somewhat in a hurry that I forgot. Help me", "title": "I am 21, do I need a Pap smear test?"}
{"text": "My father,  above sixty years old .  He has 1. 9 Mg/Dl creatine level. Is it a serious condition\u2026 What to do immediately\u2026 As a part of severe fever he showed the increase in creatin level\u2026 After that there was a decrease in creatin level\u2026. But know it became 1. 9. After the abdominal scan doctor told us there is no problem for kidney\u2026. Iam really tensed. What to do docto", "title": "Sixty year old man has 1. 9 Mg/Dl creatine level. Is it a serious condition?"}
{"text": "As a teen i started getting skin patches on my neck and chest. Dry not itchy or anything. Just wondering what it could be. I\u2019m now 27 years old. So its been happening for some time now. I was once told by a Dr not being checked just her opinion that it could be because my body produces to much insulin. I\u2019m no Dr but i just think that\u2019s not what it could be. Id just like answers and to see what i could possibly do about it", "title": "I have skin patches on my neck and chest since I my teens, could it be too much insulin?"}
{"text": "I had an aortic heart valve transplant and before that, my B/P was normal, but since the transplant, my blood pressure is running on the high side\u2026So my heart Doctor changed me from 20 mgs. of lisiinipril to 40 mgs P/day\u2026It doesn\u2019t seem to have helped that much soo I wondered if, by me taking 20 mgs, in the AM and 20 mgs in the PM would not be good enough and that I should take the 40 mgs. alll at once in the AM?\u2026Would that make a difference?  My heart Doctor is on vacation so, thought I would ask you folks what you think", "title": "I had an aortic heart valve transplant and before that, my B/P was normal, but since the transplant, my blood pressure is running on the high side?"}
{"text": "My daughter is 12 yrs old she is suffering since 1.5 year from abdominal pain in LRQ with vomiting ,joints pain , rashes on legs ,mouth ulcers , rebound tenderness localized in iliac fossa. symptoms disappear for nearly one week then returned appendectomy was done without any change in symptoms. CT,Abdomen U/S, MRI,Colonoscopy ,blood tests ,urine analysis ,stool analysis are normal. Paediatric Gastroenterologist diagnosed as FMF but the gene test was negative no response on colchicine 2mg/da", "title": "My daughter is suffering from abdominal pain in LRQ with vomiting, joints pain, rashes on legs, mouth ulcers?"}
{"text": "Went to ER for Heat Exhaustion. Next morning my job required blood test.. Results failed with benzodiazepines >100 .. my ? is could combo of my prescription meds with DEHYDRATION and they gave me ZOFRAM  at hosp in IV cause this? My meds are : Gabapentin 300mg 2xd .Hydrocodone 7.5mg prn.Diazapam 5mg 3xd..Flexeril 10mg pm ..I  also take benadryl for breathing probs..Motrin..Asprin.Tylenolprn pain", "title": "My job required blood test\u2026 and results failed drug test\u2026.why?"}
{"text": "I usually have a low bpm usually in the 60s.  I have noticed in the last few days that my heart beats feel funny/ inconsistent.  It\u2019s not all the time but it\u2019s getting a little more frequent.  I have a bpm monitor so I\u2019ve been monitoring myself today.  When I feel the inconsistent beats my bpm goes down to around 35 bpm give or take and then a few minutes later it shoots up to around 78 bpm.  A few minutes after that it goes back to around 65-68 which is normal for me.  Should I seek medical attention ASAP", "title": "My heart beats feel funny/ inconsistent bpm goes down to around 35 bpm?"}
{"text": "My mother is diagnosed with psoriasis, lack of vitamin D,  lack of hemoglobin and high blood pressure. She has been given livogen, zincovit , calcirol and talmisartan tablets for high b.p. after taking these tablets she is having a flare up in psoriasis, weakness, headache , gas, nd inflammation. Is there any medicine which is working wrong ?", "title": "My mother is diagnosed with psoriasis, lack of vitamin D,  lack of hemoglobin and high blood pressure, after taking medication her psoriasis is flaring up?"}
{"text": "I am having some symptoms that are beginning to worry me. I have been fatigued more so than ever before, there is blood in my urine, I have lower back pains, as well as nausea when I eat anything except bread and crackers. I have started having some severe migraines, as well as just headaches, every day. On top of all of that, I have had swelling in my feet and ankles. This has been going on for about 3 weeks.Age:25\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I am having some symptoms that are beginning to worry me, please advise?"}
{"text": "hi i\u2019m a smoker with high blood pressure asthma depression i want to use a e-cigarette to give up tobacco will using a e-cigarette be safe for me to use as it say i cant with the above illnesses or is this just a standard warning like tobacco products have.Age:31\nMale\nMedications: bisoprolol,losartan,seretide,ventolin,venelafaxine ,aripiprazol", "title": "I have high blood pressure, will using a e-cigarette be safe for me?"}
{"text": "Hello Doctor ! My 20 months son chest CT scan report has three differentials 1. Enlarge thyumus 2. Lymphoma 3. Germ cell tumor. While another Doctor says its enlarged thyumus .\nBlood test : His serum LDH is 440 IU/L , RBC 4.68mil/mm3 WBC 11260/mm3. Kid is very active and no symptoms of serious illness. He suffered 3 chest infections with high fever and on two occasions doctors treated him with antibiotic injections\nMy question is Do you think it can be Lymphoma ? Would you suggest biopsy", "title": "Chest CT scan report has three differentials, Do you think it can be Lymphoma?"}
{"text": "Hello!!  I have a question about anesthesia.  I need to get surgery on my foot to cut down a bump on a bone.  The doctor said it\u2019s only going to be a fifty minute procedure and I will be able to leave the hospital the same day.   I take the medication clozaril for a sleep problem (even though it is normally prescribed for schizophrenia), and I was just wondering if it is dangerous to have MAC anesthesia in combination with this medication.  Is it better to use a certain anesthetic than others when in combination with it?  I was told by my doctor that I just shouldn\u2019t take it the morning of the operation but I just wanted to get a second opinion because I have never had surgery before and am a bit nervous about it.  I am 41 years old, female, weigh 135 pounds, am 5\u20197, and clozaril (200 mg a day) is the only medication I take.  Thank you so much for your help, I really appreciate it!Age:41\nFemale\nMedications: clozari", "title": "I take clozaril, is it dangerous to have MAC anesthesia in combination with this medication?"}
{"text": "I have severe acid reflux and after years of conventional treatment that has failed. I have been booked in for a nerve block. I wanted to know what is the difference between a cephalic and splanchnic nerve block? Is there a difference? which is safer? I read in a journal that cephalic nerve block can lead to diarrhoea and there have been few reported deaths. It seems to be one of the risks involved? Is this the case? Does the same risk exist with the splanchnic nerve block?Thank", "title": "I have severe acid reflux?"}
{"text": "We are frustrated, in and out of doctors offices for 3 months now. My daughter, 17, is suffering from; leg muscle cramps (12 months plus, relieved with iron, doctor told us to take her off the iron because of nausea, now the cramps are back, immediately after stopping iron), daily outbreaks of hives, diarrhea, nausea with vomiting, low grade fever, and, a new symptom, heartburn. She must have given over a quart of blood for tests so far. All the Doctors tell us is that the blood work was fine, and leave it at that. Her white cell count has been high, a couple of times. She has been treated with antibiotics, iron supplements and calcium supplements. In fact, when the vomiting and diarrhea started, we were told, \u201cIt probably isn\u2019t even related.\u201d even though these were symptoms they seem to really be concerned about at first, almost relieved when we told them no. The nausea has always been there, with occasional vomiting, the frequent vomiting is a new development", "title": "My daughter, 17, is suffering from; leg muscle cramps?"}
{"text": "What binds low dose naltrexone and will get it out of my system quickly\nHaving bad reactions to it\nWill colestipol work for that\nOr do i need another acid binder\nReally need to get it out asap\nCholestermine did not seem to work\nPlease get back soon.\nA blood level dhowed that there was naltrexone in the blood and this is two months after i took it\nI took the test after sufferering from severe sweatiness my skin feeling itchy and burning urination\nI know i had a sensitivity to it when i took it and i think the metabolite is sticking to my intestines and getting reabsorbed. I took it for crohns and this was the worst thing i ever did. It is affecting hormone level negatively.\nAnyone know of any medicine that can pull this out of my system your advice is greatly appreciate", "title": "What binds low dose naltrexone and will get it out of my system quickly?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor\u2026.I have high GGT over almost 1 year\u2026.Around 200 to 500\u2026I had ultrasoud and it was OK.However, last month I had MRCP and fibro liver scan\u2026There is fluid-fluid level seen in gallbladder, but no filling defect is seen. And small nodule seen aterior to the spleen, is likely splenoculum.. The other abnormal test was AST (until 70) and ALT (until 90). I have been cleared from wilson disease also. I have itchy also on skin, and some big acne. What disease actually I may have from symptoms above? I have been hospitalized three times, but until now doctor suspects that sludge gallbladder. I have been taking heptral 1200 mg daily for 6 months, and ursofalk 1000 mg daily for 2 weeks. I have been eating healthy like fish and chicken steam. No smoker and no alcohol. Please help me.. I am so stress as I have nausea and headache all the times\u2026. Many thanks for your help.", "title": "I have high GGT Gamma-Glutamyl Transferase over almost 1 year\u2026.Around 200 to 500?"}
{"text": "Just received my bloodwork test results. My BUN is 25 , my Creatinine is 1.1 and my TSH is 6.18. I\u2019m taking 50 mcg of Levothyroxine. Does this indicate a thyroid problem or something wrong with my kidney. Last year everything was normal and I\u2019ve been taking Levothyroxin for around 8 years. Does my dose simply need to be increased or am I in big trouble.", "title": "Creatinine is 1.1 and my TSH is 6.18 does this indicate a thyroid problem?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am a 41 year old woman.\nLast year I was hospitalised with a severe bacterial infection. I received a chest x-ray, chest CT scan with contrast dye and an MRI. I also had a follow up chest CT scan with dye a few months after leaving hospital. This was September 2016.My question is, would these tests show breast cancer, and secondly, would it be risky to have a mammogram so soon after these tests that use radiation .\nThanks", "title": "I received a chest x-ray, chest CT scan with contrast dye and an MRI would these tests show breast cancer?"}
{"text": "I have a muscle biopsy result that confirms a mild myopathic process. Noninflammatory and not mitochondria related. It says no groupings, no increased nuclei , no moth eaten fibers, occasional atrophic fibers . No degenerating or regenerating fibers seen. How can there be atrophic fibers but no regeneration at all? How would these fibers correct themselves? The results also unclear with any diagnostic myopathyAge:39\nMedications:Non", "title": "I have a muscle biopsy result that confirms a mild myopathic process, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m wondering about a very sharp lower right abdominal pain I experienced:\u2013 Last night developed what felt like gas-related stomach pain on right side. Took 1 buscopan pill before dinner so I could eat\n\u2013 30 mins after dinner excruciating sharp pain on lower right side of abdomen took another buscopan and lay in agony until I fell asleep when pain became more moderate\n\u2013 Today I woke up with no pain, but the lower right side is VERY SORE TO THE TOUCH. (so no internal pain, but there is an external soreness)\n\u2013 Still have not gone to the toilet. Very bloated. No more stomach pain but just very sore to the touch on lower right side.Could this be appendicitis? Should I see my local doctor? Thanks in advance", "title": "Could a sharp pain on lower right side of abdomen be appendicitis?"}
{"text": "My mom is about to take a flight of about 4 hours. She was diagnosed with meningiomas just a couple of days ago, the tumor was of size 5.8 cm, situated at right front temporal. I was wondering if it is safe for her to take the flight because I read that people with brain tumor were not advised to fly. I am not sure if she should take the flight. She has recent become sensitive to buses on bumpy road, but she is not bothered at all if buses is on the highway or better roads or have any car ride. I suppose that the tumor may have caused this problem. But I could be wrong on this. In any case, I would like to know if it is safe for her to take the flight. Any precaution or medicine for her on the trip", "title": "My mom was diagnosed with meningiomas just a couple of days ago, is it safe for her to take a flight?"}
{"text": "I have taken second generation fit test and did complete blood count for lab testing, but I still feel something\u2019s not right. I still experience change in bowel habits, narrow stools, inability to empty completely and rectal bleeding. I\u2019m 22 and have been fine until I found out that constipation which I was was a cancer symptom than I started having these other symptoms and have not felt like myself since. I\u2019m so stressed out can you help me out please", "title": "I have taken a Second Generation FIT Colon Cancer Screening Test, but I still feel something\u2019s not right?"}
{"text": "I have been to a&e and the walking center and I have no infection and my bloods have come back normal, for the past 4 days now all my back and lower stomach has been really painful I\u2019ve completely lost my appetite the last couple of days I\u2019m getting tingling in my arm now as well and a lot of pressure on my spine but no one can find the problem, what else could I do? Thank yo", "title": "I have been to a&e (accident and emergency center) back and lower stomach has been really painful"}
{"text": "I have pain on inspiration, worse on deep breathing coughing sneezing etc. Chest pain that is a constant dull ache but alot worse on laying flat.  Pleuritic type pain on left side, not interested in eating as it hurts to do so. I\u2019ve had pneumonia 3 times in the last 18 months with recurring dry pleurisy. ER drs saying pleurisy but never had the chest pain with it beforeAge:42\nFemale\nMedications: Vitamins and currently Chinese herbs and pain reluef ( paracetamol wirh codeine", "title": "I have pain on inspiration, worse on deep breathing coughing sneezing?"}
{"text": "I am male and 47 . in my sonography and color doppler study doctor find multiple isoechoic  nodules in my thyroid . the largest at right 28*22*2 mm . and in left multiple iso and hypoechic nodules with largest 12*10 mm.  other results is gland suggestive , no obvios vascular abnormality ,sparse peripheral vascular structure. and also in laboratory results all hormone (T4=104 ,T3-U=1.0,T3=1.8, T.S.H=4.2) are normal. in cytology report all nodule in right and left BENIGN FOLLICULAR NODULE WITH  ADENOMATOID CHANGES, please advise", "title": "In my sonography and color doppler study, doctor found multiple isoechoic  nodules in my thyroid, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have a mole on my neck I\u2019ve had it since i was a child im now 20 it has gotten bigger over the last few months, it is sore to touch and its raised it is flaking as well. I been tired recently all the time and suffering with headaches. Im always cold and shaky recently and full of cold", "title": "I have a mole on my neck it has gotten bigger over the last few months, it is sore to touch?"}
{"text": "I fell and hurt my back a year ago and now the pain is getting back worse my back constantly hurts my leg goes numb and feels like electricity is going through it my arm also feels the same way like it\u2019s shattered and pins and needles are going through my fingersAge:28\nFemale\nMedications: Meloxica", "title": "I fell and hurt my back a year ago and now the pain is getting worse?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI had two polyps removed one was benign and the other one the lab mentionned that they observed simple hyperplasia with a focal atypia.I am 35 and Im still planning to have children.My doctor recommended that I place a Mirena iud which i did.I have my 3rd month biopsy coming soon.I am a bitanxious that the cells will still be atypical , turn into complex atypia or even cancerous.My question is how successful is an IUD in % to cure focal atypia cells and how is it possible that in 3 month that cells turns from Atypia to complex or cancerous Thank yo", "title": "I had two polyps removed one was benign and the other one was a simple hyperplasia with a focal atypia?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ll start with some background..  I\u2019ve had bad headaches/migraines for years.  Most of the time they\u2019re gone within a day or two but a few times it\u2019s lasted a couple months.  Most of the time laying down will help ease them, but occasionally even my head touching a pillow will cause the contacted area to throb intensely.  I have not found anyone that has been able to explain why this is happening (the reason multiple doctors have gone with is its most likely caused from concussions when I was younger.  But this is just background, honestly not looking for an answer to this but if there is one nobody has thought of that would be great.About a year ago I was driving home from work and started feeling a sharp pain in my left arm.  This spread to the left side of my torso and the left side of my face(all within a period of 30 minutes).  I went to the doctor being nervous of a heart attack or stroke but was having neither.  Over the course of a few weeks, this pain began spreading to different parts of my body. After a month or so of mri\u2019s/ct scans/emg tests I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and began taking lyrica.  It helped with the sharp stabbing pains but I still have constant pain all the time (I\u2019d say 3-5 out of 10).  This worked most of the time and I would take tramadol to help dull the pain when it got bad.\nAbout a month ago I started to get a sharp pain between my shoulder blades, along with a bad migraine and pains in the back of my neck.  A few rounds of Sumatriptan (for migraines) and Baclofen (muscle relaxer) helped ease the neck pain, but the pain between the shoulder blades is still there and I am getting sharp pains again in my hands/shoulders/lower back/lower legs and feet.  I am getting numbness in my hands (mainly pinky/ring fingers) and in my feet.  For the past week or so Ive been getting intense twitching in my hands.  The neurology department at the hospital I\u2019ve been going to wont look at anything until after 4 weeks of physical therapy.Age:35\nMale\nMedications:Sumatriptan, Lyrica, Baclofen, Tramadol, Ibuprofe", "title": "I\u2019ve had bad headaches/migraines for years.  Most of the time they\u2019re gone within a day or two but a few times it\u2019s lasted a couple months?"}
{"text": "I am 28 yrs female. I have been suffering from pimple breakout on my forehead around my hairline and temples. Also on my chest and upper back. I am an active person. Exercise regularly. I drink I\u2019m over 2L of water a day, have stopped drinking coffee and carbonated drinks for over 2 months now. I do have a problem with low blood platelets. A normal count for me is between 65 \u2013 85. Have tried changing shampoos and face washes etc and still no luck", "title": "Can low blood platelets cause pimple breakout?"}
{"text": "Need advice for further check ups to know why few blood test count are high . How we could know the correct reason for the below result\nWhy rbc , packed cell volume , Mchc above border line . I would like to diagnose further to know why the above things high . He is very tired at times . Also have toe pain yesterday and did uric acid test . It seems to be normal .\nTaking tab for uric acid , and gas reflex and for cholesterol. It\u2019s been 4 weeks started all medicine .Age:35\nMale\nMedications:For uric acid , cholesterol and refle", "title": "I need second opinion on Hematology and Bio-Chemistry Report?"}
{"text": "Sir/Mam I am 25 years old. From last 1 year my eyes got weaken up, my hair got grey and I have issue of severe dry skin from birth in month of cold and I am not able to concentrate on studies, I feel my head heavy, brain fog ,not able to remember things for long time, feel tired always and when I go to bed I am not able to sleep. What could be symptoms of it. Is it due to B-12 deficiency (Because I am veg and I eat less dairy product) or starting of alzheimer .What to do in such situation. Please hel", "title": "Are weak eyes, dry skin, grey hair and lack of concentration be signs of Alzheimer\u2019s disease?"}
{"text": "82 yrs old male patient suffering from MDS without blast cells and doctor suggested revolade 50 mg daily for 1 month and erythropoietin injection 40000 units weekly\u2026it\u2019s too costly\u2026how about giving him blood on monthly basis\u2026we want your suggestion whether to continue the tablets and injection which they have given or can we take him to hospital and arrange blood for him so that platelets and hb will be there for hi", "title": "Male patient suffering from MDS without blast cells and doctor suggested revolade 50 mg daily for 1 month"}
{"text": "Hello,\nI had a test for my thyroid four months ago and these were the results:\nTSH 0.01 uIU/mL (N: 0.4 \u2013 4.2)\nTotal T3 4.1 ng/ml (N: 4.7 \u2013 13.5)\nTotal T4 17.5 ug/dl (N: 0.8 \u2013 2.0) and I did them again 3 days ago and the results:\nTotal T3 1.12 ng/ml (N: 0.8-2.0)\nTotal T4 6.3 ug/dl (N:4.7-13.5)\nFree T3 2.55 pg/ml (N:1.68-3.54)\nFree T4 0.91 ng/dl (N: 0.9-1.9)\nTSH 18.2 uIU/ml (N:0.4-4.2) What should I do next", "title": "I had a test for my thyroid \u2013 here are results, what should I do next?"}
{"text": "I was taking antibiotics and just as I finished them, I traveled from Canada to Singapore. About 10 days after I finished them, I had severe diarrhea and cramps for 3 days. I went to the hospital and was told I have a viral infection and put on an IV and given diarrhea and cramping meds as needed. Approximately 2 weeks later, the same thing happened, went back to the doctor the next day and was told food poisoning/gastroenteritis again. It has now been resolved mostly but I still have slight stomach aches/cramps with hard infrequent stool and I am wondering if I should maybe get checked for C. difficile? is this likely that I have it", "title": "Stomach aches/cramps with hard infrequent stool should I get checked for C. difficile?"}
{"text": "1 month ago I have visited cardiologist and took ECG and the result is normal. As my cholestrol levels are high doctor prescribed 5mg Atorvasatin and I\u2019m doing excercise and lost 4kg in 1 month. Sometimes I\u2019m having pain in left side with burping sensation and the pain is localized in same places everytime. Is it danger and do i need to get an appointment with my cardiologist again ? I\u2019m 24 and height 5\u20198\u2033. Weight reduced from 96kg to 91.5kg in 1 month", "title": "I have visited cardiologist and took ECG and the result is normal but still have pain?"}
{"text": "Past 2 days I have had a pain in my mouth on the bottom left inner cheek, near my gums. Its swollen, white and it bleeds when i open my mouth to wide. My cheek has a numbness to it. Its a white swollen sore inside my cheek on top too, what could it be?", "title": "I have had a pain in my mouth on the bottom left inner cheek, near my gums. Its swollen, white and it bleeds?"}
{"text": "My ankle sprained around 7-8 times in 2 months,also, I took an MRI which says there is an avulsion fracture in atfl of my left ankle . I took rest for 3 months and took medicines, but when now I started playing football the ankle is paining while walking. Also I feel some looseness in ankle when I do Inversion .I have seen upto 3 different doctors in this regard and everyone is giving different views one doctor says that operation is necessary for ligament rupture but other says no operation.\nPlease guide me as what to do.", "title": "MRI shows there is an avulsion fracture in atfl of my left ankle, please advise?"}
{"text": "I recently had a case of  Syphilis and was treated with 3 dozes of 2.4 million units of Benzathine Penicillin \u2013 I was diagnosed on August 9th and \u2013 and received 3 weekly shots on August 9th/ 16th and 22nd \u2013 my last shot was on August 22nd \u2013 I took a blood test on August 16th and as expected my ALT \u2013 AST \u2013 GGT and ALP levels were elevated significantly \u2013 I was given various medications for improving Liver Function by my general doctor and then 3 weeks later took another blood test \u2013 this time my ALT was .097 from 2.52 \u2013 my AST was now 0.56 from 1.09 3 weeks earlier and my GGT fell from 5.03 (3 weeks before) to 1.77 (still elevated but much better \u2013 and my ALP feel from 4.06 to 1.86 \u2026 So obviously the medicine was working and improving \u2013 however the reason I am writing is that on 8/16 my AMYLAZA level was 1.28 and when taken 9/7 (3 weeks later) had risen to 2.48 \u2013 and as well my LIPAZA level had risen from 0.39 on 8/16 to 2.10 on September 7th \u2026 I am concerned about the rise in those 2 enzymes and wanted think that this rise could be caused by the large amounts of Penicillin and have possible caused Pancreatitis ??? Or is this normal ??? That the Pancreas could be effected by Syphilis ??? Should I be concerned ? Are the numbers very elevated ??? I would appreciate any information you may provide", "title": "I recently had a case of  Syphilis and was treated with 3 dozes of 2.4 million units of Benzathine Penicill?in"}
{"text": "I have had a cough for the last 5 months now. Had 10+ visits to yhe Gp being sent away with different answers from all of them. All wrong answers I feel as clearly something is wrong I get breathless really easily, which results in coughing, then vomiting from coughing there is often blood that comes up when I cough but no one is listening to meOne doctor did finally listen and got me an X-ray, however it didn\u2019t show anything well nothing significant however i am still bad, it\u2019s not just when I move around either although that makes it work I could just be sat there breath the wrong way, or yawn and it triggers a coughing fit I have been referred somewhere but not sure what this is for or if it\u2019s going to help I\u2019ve really had enough and looking for some advice?Age:26\nFemale\nMedications: Monteklust, ventolin, deluxotine, also preventor inhaler unsure of nam", "title": "I have had a cough for the last 5 months now, doctors don\u2019t know why?"}
{"text": "Hello.\nI have had very dry, often red chapped and sometimes swollen lips for about 2 years.\nThey often are itchy and sometimes sting.\nI can\u2019t seem to find anything that helps.\nI have just been tested for allergies and nothing showed up as an allergy.\nI am on Zopiclone, ciitralapram. Amodoline and HRT.\nThis is really affecting my life\nPlease help!.Age:62FemaleMedications: Zopiclone,Amlodipine,Citralopram,Estrogel and Prometriu", "title": "I have had very dry, often red chapped and sometimes swollen lips for about 2 years?"}
{"text": "I am 65 years old with chronic prostatitis (since 1988) and a 5mm unobstructed kidney stone. I have been taking 2 to 4 extra strength excedrin long term for pain relief not only for the prostatitis but for knee arthritis as well.  I have had gross hematuria off and on over the last 5 years,  but mostly  only a trace +1 showing up on the urine dip stick test. The ct that I had showed only  the kidney stone and a mildly enlarged prostate. The cysto that I had also showed normal. I do get some pain from time to time from the kidney area housing the stone. How much could the excedrin be contributing to the urine blood and what is the proper way to stop the excedrin?  Thank you", "title": "I am 65 years old with chronic prostatitis (since 1988) and a 5mm unobstructed kidney stone?"}
{"text": "I have been diagnosed with ulcerative colitis from 3 years ago and i tried different medication like imuran asacol pentasa and prednisone they worked for a while but then they stoped being effective . Then the doctor started entyvio i tried 5 injections but the symptoms didn\u2019t disappear. And lately i had a surgery for a perianal abcess and i have setons for fistulas . Now i am on simponi i took\n 2 injections and i am taking prednisone . Is there any advice ?Age:21MaleMedications: Simpon", "title": "I have been diagnosed with ulcerative colitis from 3 years ago and i tried different medications, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have a yeast infection but it won\u2019t go away despite all the prescription I have. It\u2019s been two weeks now. The first time I had it treated my period interrupted so now I am back to square one. I am currently taking anti biotic for yeast infection. It is not itchy there is just a lot of discharge and it does not smell yet. It is not yet smelly also. I have tried to wait and give it time but I feel like it is taking a very long time. It is not getting any bette", "title": "I have a yeast infection but it won\u2019t go away despite all the prescription I have?"}
{"text": "I had breast reduction surgery today. Under anesthesia I had an episode of arrhythmia with my heart stopping for a few seconds, prompting the anesthesiologist to tell the PS to wrap it up quickly. I have a 3 year history of palpitations (since I quit taking Klonopin) and last year an eco found an atrial septum aneurysm. The cardiologist gave me an ok for the breast reduction.\nThe anesthesiologist said I need to tell the cardiologist asap but i can\u2019t reach him. My dilemma? I\u2019m afraid to go to sleep now. I\u2019m actually afraid I\u2019m going to die in my sleep. I haven\u2019t slept since the surgery this AM because as soon as I start to fall asleep I feel palpitations and I wake up.Am I right to be worried? (47, nonsmoker, 72kg, 170cm)Age:47\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I had breast reduction surgery today, I had an episode of arrhythmia with my heart stopping?"}
{"text": "I had my hormones results today and the prolactin levels were high 913(normal 102-496ulu/ml) I done the test on the 4th day of my cycle which normally lasts 5 to 7 days\nI\u2019m afriad can it be an pituitary adenoma? Or is it normal since i am on my period ??\nall the results of TSH ,Testosterone,LH ,FSH are within the normal values\nThe progesterone was low 0.306but falls in the value of menstruation normal values (0.3-2.5nmol/l)\nI\u2019m 24  I have irregular menses (oligomenorrhea) the periods in this year came to me 3 times till this month ( 24Feb -30 June-18Agust ) no past medical histor", "title": "I had my hormones results today and the prolactin levels were high can it be an pituitary adenoma?"}
{"text": "42 y old male\nStiffness in my jaw and neck\nDifficulty swallowing\nAbdominal spasms\nFever of 103\n had not been sick during the last 6 weeks.\nincurred a small but deep burn on my left arm when it accidently brushed against the engine of my tractor while i was fertilizing my corn fields approximately 10 days ago.Age:42\nMale\nMedications:non", "title": "I have fever of 103 with stiffness in jaw and neck?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am 25 years old and have been taking Lo Loestrin Fe for about 5 months now. Before that I had a total of 3  Nexplanons over the course of 8 years and got it removed due to bad side effects. My OB told me my body was probably just rejecting it due to the fact I had so many and wanted to put me on the pill for awhile. I have had semi-normal periods for the past 3 months or so. I took an entire pack of pills and then had an event coming up and wanted to skip my period so started my next pack and took 8 pills. I stopped the pack thinking it was time to have a period. I had unprotected sex 4 times right around the time I was supposed to be ovulating. I take my pill every day around the same time for the most part. I have now been of the pill waiting for my period to start for one week now and nothing. I took a pregnancy test and it was negative, it was one of the cheap tests though that do not give results before a missed period. Because I have skipped my period I am not sure when my expected period is supposed to start. I have a 7 year old daughter so I have been pregnant before. I am having some strange side effects though. Besides no bleeding I have had headaches on and off multiple times a day, a little bit of confusion, and diarrhea multiple times a day. My basal body temp usually falls somewhere around 97.6% and my temperature has been elevated to about 98.7% for the past 4 days now. I have had some lower back pain and neck tension but nothing severe. I also feel extremely bloated. Any advice at all would be greatly appreciated. Not sure if I should wait a little bit longer and take another pregnancy test or if maybe this is due to a hormonal imbalance since I was trying to manipulate my period. (never doing that again). I know normally any time I accidently miss a pill or I stop taking the pill I start feeling crampy and at least start spotting if not bleeding and like I said, none of that and its been a week. Thank you!Age:25FemaleMedications: Lo Loestrin F", "title": "I have been taking Lo Loestrin Fe for about 5 months now, is my body rejecting it?"}
{"text": "Second opinion \u2013 Gynecology\nHello there \u2013 had some strange spotting at week 3 of my pill, which never happened before. I just had a ultrasound and found that I have a uterin fibroid of 3 cm and a cyst of 2 cm on my left ovary. I attach the scans. I have been taking the pill (Qlaira) for about 7 months (after suspending it for one year previously and taking it for two years before that) so the gynaecologist does not feel like continuing the pill is a good idea for now and suggested I stop after I complete this current pack (I have 9 days to go) \u2013 even though it might help with the shrinking and absorption of the cyst? She suggested to stop and check in 3/4 months. I was not thinking that clearly earlier with her, but is the suspension necessary because of the fibroid or because the cyst formed NOTWITHSTANDING my taking the pill so it is a \u201cnon functional/pathological\u201d one? Is it a good \u201cadvice\u201d to stop and check again in 3/4 months? Thanks so much!age:32\nFemale\nMedications: Qlair", "title": "I just had a ultrasound and found that I have a uterin fibroid, need Second opinion \u2013 Gynecology?"}
{"text": "My wife is 5\u20338-9\u2033 weighs 110lbs\nI want to put her on a weight gainer supplement. It helped her 14 years when she had a similar problem. But she also takes iron pills for her anemia \u201cferamax 150mg\u201d so my question is can I still give her a weight gainer supplement if it has 10% or 14% iron, without harm. If yes is their a maximum % or mg? Thank you", "title": "My wife wants to take weight gainer supplement?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had sharp right lower abdominal pain for about a month now. Trans vaginal ultrasound and CT were clear. Had a diagnostic laparoscopy to look for adhesion and/or endometriosis. Neither were found, nor were any ovarian cysts. Refereed to general surgeon who diagnosed chronic appendicitis. Had laparoscopic appendectomy and was told appendix did look slightly inflamed. The pain still continues in lower right abdomen. Sharp, burning pain. Sometimes to the point it makes me nauseous.  No diarrhea or constipation or other bowel abnormalities. Any suggestions as to cause of continued pain", "title": "I\u2019ve had sharp right lower abdominal pain for about a month now?"}
{"text": "I have trouble eating more than a few bites of solid food no matter how much I like it without later feeling tight chested and cramps in lower abdomen also anxiety like heart attack very severe shortness of breath no problems with liquids taken slowly have lost 25 pounds in last 2 years fruits and vegetables don\u2019t seem to be as bad meats and breads now weigh 97 pounds am 5 feet 5 45 years old starving to death HELP!!Age:45\nMale\nMedications: over the counter aspirin and heartburn medicine occasionall", "title": "I have trouble eating more than a few bites of solid food?"}
{"text": "Papsmear test came back showing abnormal cells in the cervix. Superficial and intermediate squamous cells with neutrophil packed fields in the background. I am 28 year old..have had one sexual partner all my life..what does it mean? Do i have an HPV", "title": "Papsmear test came back showing abnormal cells do I have Human papillomavirus (HPV)?"}
{"text": "I met a sex worker more than a month ago, and came down with a fever/headache a week later. The headaches were really bad and lasted for around 10 days, and the doctor said this was some kind of viral fever. I did not see any blisters or sores on my genitals during this time. A week after it subsided, I got a few red spots on my glans. I went to the doctor and they said it\u2019s just thrush and I was given an anti-fungal cream. The spots reduced the next day and it responded well to the treatment. They also tested me for STDs (everything except herpes) and it was all negative.\nIt\u2019s been a month since my last sexual encounter. But I\u2019m worried this whole thing was due to herpes. Should I go back and get a herpes blood test?Age:25\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I went to the doctor and they said it\u2019s just thrush, should I get a herpes blood test?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 37 y.o. female.  My symptoms started two months ago with dizziness that progressed to the feeling of heavy limbs while shifting in bed in addition to higher than normal BP (145/89) and increased heart rate (>120) that, at times, roller coasters up and down multiple times a day (my normal HR is in the 80\u2019s).  The dizziness in my head has faded but I\u2019m experiencing a rolling feeling in my chest that also makes me feel unbalanced, even in sleep.  I don\u2019t experience pain in my chest, just little aches.  I\u2019ve also not had headaches but feel pressure (sometimes quite strong) in my head.  I\u2019ve noticed that my BP and HR can be drastically different when I\u2019m seated versus when I stand up.  I feel fatigued throughout the day and in at least two separate occasions have been woken up by extremely fast HR.   I\u2019ve always been healthy and don\u2019t understand this sudden onset of symptoms", "title": "My symptoms started two months ago with dizziness that progressed?"}
{"text": "hi there my dear wife who is 72 had a complicated operation about a year ago to remove the rest of the gall bladder which was left behind from a previous operation it has now left her with lots of bile escaping into her stomach will this situation do any harm .this is coupled from the last operation leaving her for a year suffering with bad nausea and unable to enjoy life.she has not had a proper poo it is always loose and often leaves her  having diarrhea\u2019 could you give me your thoughts please as at this moment in time she does not have a quality of life many thanks (\u2026", "title": "My wife had surgery to remove rest of gall bladder, please advise?"}
{"text": "Yesterday I drank possibly toxic or polluted or contaminated water I don\u2019t know what is was contaminated with but I ingested a little bit of it I\u2019m not experiencing any signs or stuff and I forced myself to puke it up will I still get signs, what should I do, please advise", "title": "Yesterday I drank possibly toxic or polluted or contaminated water I don\u2019t know what to do?"}
{"text": "hello I have a question. I have de querveins tendonitis and i\u2019ve already had one steroid injection and used a cast. it helped for a few months now it\u2019s back and the pain is worse and moves up my forearm. So should i ask about surgery or another injection", "title": "I have de querveins tendonitis and i\u2019ve already had one steroid injection, do I need another?"}
{"text": "My son 18 year old ,weight 71.3kg ,height 163cm,having excess fat around chest area,due to which he feels discomfort and lack of confidence.His recent pathological reports are as here under\nHomocysteine- 42.4 umol/L\nVitamin D \u2013 13.01ng/ml\nProlactin \u2013 23.37 ng/ml\nHDL CHOLESTEROL DIRECT \u2013 33 mg/dl\nTC/HDL CHOLESTEROL RATIO \u2013 5.2 ratio\nMean Corpuscular Volume (MCV) \u2013 104.6 fL\nMean Corp. Hemo.Conc(MCHC )- 28.5 g/dL\nRed Cell Distribution Width- SD(RDW-SD) \u2013 58.2 fL\n Red Cell Distribution Width(RDW \u2013 CV) \u2013 15.9 %\nGrowth Hormone \u2013 <0.05\nRest of his test regarding Hormone (FSH,LH,Testosterone etc) , thyroid, diabetes,lever,kidney,Hb,VitaminB12 etc are ok and in normal range.\nDoctor please let me know what complication he is having as per reports.\nHe is also suffering with skin psoriasis problem.\nKindly help..", "title": "My 18 year old son has excess abnormal fat around chest area, please advise?"}
{"text": "Pain in shoulder. While lifting shoulder up and hands up. This started when I fell down in snow on mountains. My age is 48 I\u2019m male dibateic always controlled take medicine Glizzid. I have got x-ray done but no external injury I was advised to get MRI done which I have got done and want opinion what should be my next steps based on my report", "title": "I had an MRI for shoulder pain, what should be my next steps?"}
{"text": "I had a baby 8 weeks ago normal delivery, I was bleeding for 6 weeks and stop as normal I had my 6 weeks check up and started on the pill loestrin 20 started this on 30/08/17 and started bleeding day nine into my pill and my bleeding has got really heavy that I\u2019m going through super tampons every hour on to my pad, and this morning my clot was big over a size of a 50p My belly has been cramping up badly as well what shall I do", "title": "I had a baby 8 weeks ago, my belly has been cramping up badly what shall I do?"}
{"text": "My 24 months son have ankle clonus in both sides since newborn. Mostly this ankle clonus occured less than 5 beats, but several times occured for more than 10 beats (exactly about 11 beats). My son have a good milestone, good development, good posture and no muscle stiffness. He can walk and run normally.\nClonus in my child will appear when I press and push the surface of the sole of his foot stronglyHis clonus ussualy appear when asleep and above 1 years old several times his clonus reduced/decreased but then relapsed again.My son has checked the blood electrolyte components in the laboratory (natrium-kalium-calcium) and the results are all normalI\u2019ve brought my son to some neuro paediatrics. Some of them said that possible cause of his ankle clonus is immature nervous system (myelin or basal ganglia) and will mature at 2 years old (this clonus also must be totally lost maximum at 2 years old).\nBut one neuro paediatric said that my child is very normal, no worries, he does not have cerebral palsy. Ankle clonus in children with milestones and good physical is normal, no need for treatment or any examination. Because if there is a nerve disorder then the symptoms are not just clonus only.The questions:\n1. Is it normal for a 2-year-old child without any other health disorder to have ankle clonus?\n2. Neuro paediatric that I last visited said that adults also sometimes can have ankle clonus but so far does not interfere with activity and health then it does not need to be treated \u2014> Whether this means there is a possibility that ankle clonus will last a lifetime/forever?\n3. Is there a maximum age that ankle clonus must be totally lost?\n4. Ankle clonus in my child is unstable, sometimes does not appear but sometimes appears, so does the amount of vibration, sometimes less than 5 beats but sometimes more than 10 beats.\nIf ankle clonus in a child is still fairly normal whether there is a limit to the amount of vibration", "title": "My 24 months son suffers from ankle clonus in both sides since newborn?"}
{"text": "In the last two weeks, I almost passed out three times. It starts with the feeling of blacking out and a sharp pain in the head. Other symptoms are nausea and vomiting, excessive sweating, shortness of breath and numbing/tingling feeling in my legs, hips and lips which causes me to lose balance while standing up and /or walking. These symptoms occur from one second (feeling completely healthy) to another and last a couple of hours. It last happened four days ago and since then the headache and numb legs have not gone away. I\u2019ve been resting in bed all day and any physical activity causes me to lose my breath and makes it hard to breathe. Since I didn\u2019t see any improvement, I went to see a doctor earlier today. He diagnosed me with acute bronchitis and gave me a shot and some antibiotics. However, I would like to get a second opinion, since it\u2019s been ten hours and I feel worse. Also I have never been coughing and also don\u2019t have a fever. I am female, in my late twenties and in good health", "title": "I almost passed out three times, diagnosed with acute bronchitis need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I had my frenulum removed almost 2 weeks ago where initially it looked like the surgeon used a z-cut, I had it removed as it was excess skin remaining from a circumcision I had to have done many years ago as a child, there is minimal pain and no sign of infection, although a scab formed over the wound and it looks like the stitches may have split, in your professional opinion according to the attached image, does this look normal or should I be concerned. I cannot see what is going on below the scab and even if the stitches are still in place. Please help.Age:31\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I had my frenulum removed almost 2 weeks ago it looks like the stitches may have split?"}
{"text": "I recently found out I was pregnant after my menstrual cycle didn\u2019t start. The start date of my last period wasn\u2019t July 31st, and had unprotected sex on the August 19th.\nI took two pregnancy tests on September 1st, and morning of the Sept 2nd that confirmed indeed I was pregnant. Symptoms:\nbreasts are tender/swollen\nmild dull achy pain on the left hand side (somewhat lower) of my back\ndizziness lasting up to two hours multiple times  throuout the day\nNausea\nMild Achy pain in my left shoulder\nModerate/severe achy pain radiating in my left thigh\nDistended lower abdomen\nExtreme fatigue\nMild abdomen cramping I am not spotting.\nI did have a manual vacuum aspiration abortion 5 years ago.\nI have had an STI on the past two years. My concern is that this is an ectopic pregnancy, but I can\u2019t tell if I\u2019m overreacting or not. With those symptoms should I go to the Emergency room?Age:32\nFemale\nMedications: Vyvanse, albuteral inhale", "title": "I recently found out I was pregnant after my menstrual cycle didn\u2019t start, is this an ectopic pregnancy?"}
{"text": "I had a CT scan of my left hip due to instability and pain.  Had hip replaced 3 yrs ago.  The CT scan read l acetabular component is anteroverted.  What does this mean?  Do I need to see a orthopedic. It is hard for me to walk up steps and walk for any distance without hurting!", "title": "My CT scan read l acetabular component is anteroverted.  What does this mean?"}
{"text": "About 2 weeks ago I began experiencing urine frequency with some very slight burning with urination. I have had several UTI\u2019s in the past and it felt the same so I used doctor on demand and talk to a doctor and was put on cipro for 7 days. I finished the 7 days but was still experiencing the urinary frequency , extremely fatigued and now I was having some right flank pain. I am an Emergency medical tech and work at a pediatric urgent care, since I still was not feeling well I decided to run my blood (CBC) and urine. My urine showed trace blood-intact. My WBC was 17.2, everything else was within normal limits. Bc of the high WBC and feeling the way I was I went to an urgent care the next day, I showed the doctor there my CBC from the day before and he immediately sent me to the ER. I went to the ER and waited 7 hours. My CBC there showed my WBC to be 12.71 and my absolute Neut as 7.85 everything else showed within normal limits. My urine chemistries showed urine hemoglobin as moderate with everything else within normal limits. My CT scan showed : a nonobstructing punctate left renal calcus, multiple subcentimeter hepatic hydrodensitis; too small to characterize, and possibly slightly increased in number since 2013, and right ovarian versus paraovarian cyst measuring 2.3 cm.  I was told in the ER that my WBC was probably still elevated bc I had just finished the antibiotic for the UTI 2 days earlier, and that the urinary frequency was likely due to the kidney stone on the left, no real explanation for the right flank pain, but did not think it was related to the ovarian cyst. I already take prescribed pain medication daily for fibromyalgia so I was discharged with a script for pyridium and a urine strainer (I still have no left sided pain).\nSo it has now been 4 days since I was seen in the ER. I continue not to feel well. Still have urinary frequency, very fatigued and now have more right upper quadrant pain (feels like pressure or fullness right under my right ribcage) that radiates to the right side of my back, I am also having severe bouts of nausea that even zofran will not help subside, I also have episodes of sweating (slightly increased temp, with a high of 99.6) and then chills, and just today decreased appetite.  I have tried to get in with a primary care doctor (I currently only have a pain management doc for my fibro) but the soonest appointment I can get is in 11 days. I just feel as though something isn\u2019t right and that maybe something was missed in the ER. I feel like it may have something to do with my liver. I have to work the next 6 days and really cannot afford to take time off but don\u2019t know how long I will be able to go into work feeling like this. I am dreading having to go back to the ER and wait another 7 hours and pay another $200 co pay. I would just like some thoughts on what this could possibly be. My med history also includes gallbladder removal and appendix removal in 2010. Does this sound like something I need to go to the emergency room right away for?AGE:39\nFemale\nMedications: OxyContin, Percocet, Wellbutrin, Buspar, Zofra", "title": "I began experiencing urine frequency with some very slight burning,  I was in ER continue not to feel well?"}
{"text": "I had small open wound on my foot and I had to go in extremely dirty water (due to rain) and there were lot of animals (mainly cows) around with their feces. I am extremely worried what is the risk of getting infections out of it? and what I should be doing now", "title": "I was exposed to flood waters from Hurricane Harvey, can I get infected?"}
{"text": "5 months ago, I had a one night stand with someone who\u2019s sexual health I\u2019m unsure of and can\u2019t ask, but who clarified that he was clean and tested. The condom broke, which we only realized after the fact.At the time, I took a morning after pill immediately after, and kept an eye out for symptoms. Although I didn\u2019t get anything that warranted concern for STDs, I experienced symptoms that I thought were due to the pill: headaches, sweating, nausea, abdominal pain, and a delayed period (I took the pill a couple days before my period was due to start, it was delayed by about a week). These symptoms lasted 2-3 days.  Since then, everything has gone back to normal and I haven\u2019t experienced anything odd since. However i have read that some of those symptoms could have been due to contracting HIV, and that\u2019s begun to worry me. I don\u2019t feel different and haven\u2019t gotten sick since then. Is there a chance?Could I have HIV? Should I worry about this", "title": "Condom broke while making love, can I get HIV?"}
{"text": "My vaginal entrance is swollen and the area outside of my vagina between the crease and my thigh is sore. I was recently diagnosed with strep throat and cellulitis a week ago and I was given cephalexin and a ointment for my leg. I had sex the other night and the next day I had vaginal pain.Age:21\nFemale\nMedications: Cephalexi", "title": "I was recently diagnosed with strep throat and cellulitis a week ago?"}
{"text": "I have constant pain in feet and hands. At first I was diagnosed with transient osteoporosis but for having this constant pain for about 5 years the diagnosis was changed to multifocal nonbacterial osteitis. Test results: Normal X-rays, normal ultrasound, normal CT, severe bone oedema in multiple bones in feet on MRI, changing to different bones with each MRI, that being in the talus, cuneiform, cuboid, navicular and metatarsals. Full blood count, thyroid, Calcium, etc and HLA-B27 normal. Please help so I can get the right treatment. Pain has started in both hands about a month ago", "title": "I was diagnosed with transient osteoporosis but for having this constant pain for about 5 years the diagnosis was changed to multifocal nonbacterial osteitis?"}
{"text": "Had upper right absinthe pain for 3 month\u2019s now. Tenderness below rib area and ache. Had ultrasound sound, all clear. Bloods fine. Chest x Ray clear. Have lost mother 5 weeks ago. Doc says its stress  and anxiety which I do worry constantly. and won\u2019t refer for mri as previous tests fine. On gabapenin for pain which helps. Is it stress ? Should I pay for mri? Have no other symptoms except those described", "title": "Had upper right absinthe pain for 3 month\u2019s now?"}
{"text": "Been overseas for 2 weeks & home for 1 week now. According to my cycle I was fertile during the first week overseas\u2026in which time we had unprotected sex twice. 3 days after 2nd time, I had light bleeding, minor cramping & felt sick. Been feeling nausea since then on & off. Was due to get my period last Thursday 24th & still nothing. Taken clearblue pregnancy tests (3 of) & all were negative. Any ideas what this might be?Age:22\nFemale\nMedications: Non", "title": "Was due to get my period last Thursday 24th & still nothing"}
{"text": "Hi. I have a history of Hemorrhoids on and off. This case is flared up again and is also accompanied by some sores. Bit itchy. No pain. What can I do to treat the sores? I never had these before along with my hemorrhoid. Now I have both a hemorrhoids and these sores. Also can you tell me what could cause these sores to come during this time? Is preparation H good for this region? One thing I can add is I have been on a very good diet the last 8 weeks and now I have went off track eating everything. Lots of sweets, chips, some soda back into my eating. Still\u2026 would that cause this hemorrhoids and sores to come? Mostly curious of these sores cuz I never had with hemorrhoids before.Age: 34\nMale\nMedications: Non", "title": "I have hemorrhoids on and off and sores, what can I do to treat them?"}
{"text": "I haves severe cervical and lumbar spondylytis. every morning when I get up both my arms are numb and painful until fully restored. pain radiates from left back of neck to back of head. bp is 150 by 100. have taken a mri scan and can send link. currently gave up job to cut stress and get back to shape\ntries ayurvedi massage but only relief, please help", "title": "I severe cervical and lumbar spondylitis every morning when I get up both my arms are numb, pleae advise?"}
{"text": "My daughter is 3 and she had her tonsils and adenoids out 3 days ago. She\u2019s sweating a lot more at night while sleeping, is that normal? Also when she wakes up she has a trimmer, just for about 5 minutes until I get her calmed down then she is fine the rest of the day", "title": "My daughter is 3 and she had her tonsils and adenoids out 3 days ago?"}
{"text": "I have a swollen lymph node in my neck, it has been there since April (it is now Sept).  It is small, well less than 2cm and probably less than 1cm.  It is not painful and if it is growing it is growing very slowly.  I had my primary physician look at it a few weeks ago and he did not seem concerned.  I am not tired, I have my normal energy levels, I have not had any sudden weight loss, and no night sweats.  The only thing that concerns me is that I have a rash on top of my feet and I am itchy in places.  Should I be concerned", "title": "I have a swollen lymph node in my neck, should I be concerned?"}
{"text": "Been having tingling sensations since about noon. Back of my head, side of my face and neck all on the left side. Hate the hospital and being a Sunday with a Monday holiday the ER is my only option. Trying to decide whether or not to go. Had an outbreak of shingles 2 months ago and am wondering if it\u2019s coming back. No pain, no rash just tingling. Also had an abnormal ekg during annual wellness visit which prompted a cardiology referral. Stress test, echo, halter and result was enlarged right ventricle. More tests coming. Transesophogial echo for Sept 15th. Is this stress and anxiety or possible stroke symptoms or shingles coming back. Just trying to make an informed decision of whether or not I should visit the ER. I\u2019m 42 yrs oldAge:42\nFemale\nMedications: Astorvastati", "title": "I have tingling sensations since about noon had an outbreak of shingles 2 months ago?"}
{"text": "Hello. Im female 25. I\u2019ve had a case of optic neuritis mid June and last week i\u2019ve had an MRI. The results say that i\u2019ve got an unspecific character punctiform lesion suprateritorially on the right side. its a hyperintensity punctiform lesion in T2 and FLAIR. My neurologist says im just fine. Am I though", "title": "I\u2019ve had a case of optic neuritis mid June and I have an unspecific character punctiform lesion suprateritorially?"}
{"text": "10 years ago I had breast cancer.  The chemotherapy caused phlebitis very badly, particularly in my right arm; I had cording and collapsed veins too \u2013 again, mostly my right arm. Although all clear now, during the intervening years I have had a couple of bouts of phlebitis in my right wrist where it has been obvious \u2013 red, inflamed and painful.  Both times have been treated with antibiotics on the first visit to the GP.  I had a severe bodily infection too c2009 when I was hospitalised.  I needed constant intravenous treatment but again, my veins were too painful, even the flush would be agony and they had to find alternatives.  That is the history \u2013 now the complaint\u2026\nApproximately 6 weeks ago, I was gesticulating in a normal manner during a conversation when on flexing my right  hand back, I felt a pop in my wrist, within hours it was painful (4/10) in a sore  way.  There was a small lump \u2013 clearly a vein (possible at a valve) on the inside of my wrist.  My wrist continued to hurt for a few days \u2013 sometimes an ache, other times like a prolonged hot poker was touching my skin.  The GP (in less than 3 mins) suggested it was phlebitis and prescribed ibuprofen gel.  It did not improve, so three weeks later the aching and pain had increased in area from inside my wrist to my thumb joint.  A another GP suggested that the pop was the release of an adhesion caused by my vein issues from chemotherapy and prescribed heparinoid cream and organised an ultrasound.\nThe ultrasound found nothing.\nThe pain is not all the time now, however, it is a lot worse when it does occur (8-10/10).  This is usually on exercising my wrist such as picking up the grandchildren, cycling, or similar but, not always on exercising \u2013 it sometime wakes me at night.  I have tried wearing a support and not wearing a support \u2013 there doesn\u2019t appear to be much difference.\nOn see (yet another) GP as a follow up of the ultrasound, the GP said she had no idea what to do next but if it still hurt in 2 weeks, we could try physio.\nBut it hurts so badly now, albeit intermittently, let alone for another 2 weeks!  The surface of the wrist (upper and lower) has signs of swelling and the veins are swollen near the surface and there is a significant break in the vein structure at the sight of the pain.\nOther factors to be aware of \u2013 I am diabetic T2 on metformin, 55 year old female, and have had stomach ulcers so can\u2019t take NSAIDs.\nI am very tempted to go to A&E as I don\u2019t have confidence in the 1st or 3rd GP\u2019s advice, and when I am in pain, it is excruciating.  I can\u2019t see how physio can do anything for this type of condition..\nI have the utmost respect for my GP surgery and, before now, they have all been brilliant.\nAdvise please.Age: 55 Female\nMedications: metformi", "title": "10 years ago I had breast cancer?"}
{"text": "I have these red dots on arm and a couple on face. There is a bruise by the dots on my arm. I don\u2019t know if that\u2019s  got anything to do with dots or not.Age:54Femal", "title": "I have these red dots on arm and a couple on face?"}
{"text": "Hello, Four years ago my wife had a transplanted kidney she was fine and everything is normal, just today she had a laboratory test of urine R/E but unfortunately the leukocyte was 15 and Ephithleal cells was 12. What is leukocyte and Ephithleal cells and what should we do for her? Is it dangerous for her", "title": "Four years ago my wife had a transplanted kidney?"}
{"text": "I had unprotected sex with a girl over the weekend who told me the following morning she may have chlamydia. I went on Monday and got tested and treated. If I was infected, would that cure it before symptoms showed? I received treatment about 36 hours after exposureAge: 28\nMale\nNo Medication", "title": "She told me the following morning she may have chlamydia?"}
{"text": "ME: MORBIDLY OBESE, BORDERLINE CHOLESTEROL, BORDERLINE DIABETIC. MONITORING MY BLOOD SUGAR DAILY MORNING AND AFTER WORK. . . WHEN I DRINK SODA, BLOOD SUGAR IS NORMAL, WHEN I AVOID SUGARS AND CARBS, MY BLOOD SUGAR SPIKES GIVING ME A RED (HIGH) READING.  DIFFICULT TO LOSE WEIGHT, HIGHLY STRESSED AT HOME AND WORK.PROBLEM:  MY LOWER BACK / RIGHT SIDE IS HURTING.  EVERY TIME I GET OUT OF BED OR TRY TO ADJUST MYSELF IN BED.  HURTS WHEN I TRY TO SLEEP ON THE SIDE. LEGS AND FEET FEEL ITCHY AS WELL AFTER I GET INTO BED (RESTLESS LEGS).  SOMETIMES I DO NOT EMPTY MY BLADDER WHEN I URINATE AND HAVE TO GO TO THE RESTROOM MORE OFTEN.  i KNOW I HAVE TO GO, I FEEL THE NEED, BUT IT WON\u2019T GO", "title": "MY LOWER BACK / RIGHT SIDE IS HURTING. HURTS WHEN I TRY TO SLEEP ON THE SIDE"}
{"text": "Hello, my husband isn\u2019t feeling well. He has the following symptoms: Light headed, dizzy, upset stomach, feeling like he wants to vomit after he eats and he feels tired all the time. What could be wrong with him?Age:46\nMale\nNo medication", "title": "My husband is feeling light headed, dizzy, upset stomach?"}
{"text": "Hello i am 27 years old and I am on cabergoline, a medicine to shrink my pituitary tumor\u2026however, I am on my last dosage of the medicine and my period has not come back yet, and when I told my primary care doctor this she was shocked and said to continue to follow up with the endocrinologist. I saw my endocrinologist last month and he said he will check for Cushing\u2019s disease, and I go in september to do the test. He didnt seemed very worried. I was wondering what disease\u2019s or problems can cause the medicine to not work? Also although my tumor is a microadenoma I have decreased peripheral vision. I took a visual fields test a while ago and failed. Is this loss permanent? I don\u2019t think it\u2019s safe to drive and my parents help drive but they are assuming this is a temporary thing. Even my mom told me I will drive soon", "title": "I saw my endocrinologist last month and he said he will check for Cushing\u2019s disease, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello, I was wondering if a virgin (never been touched or broke the hymen) can get pregnant because I fooled around with my fiance and he ejaculated of my vagina but even though an intercourse never happened I\u2019m just scared that I might get pregnant because I\u2019ve been having cramps and my period is in 8 days so my question is can a virgin get pregnant? Thank youAge: 25 female\nMedications: Non", "title": "I\u2019ve been having cramps, can I be pregnant?"}
{"text": "hi. I have high pressure and cholesterol but am on medication for both.\nI am experiencing pain in my lower left side of my tummy only after I relieve myself\u2026.whether I go out soft or firmer \u2026I feel like a ball is running in my lower abdomen which causes me pain that makes me want to hold that area. it lasts for about 15 -20 seconds. I do not experience any nausea.\nCould it be a tapeworm?\nmust I visit a doctor", "title": "I have high pressure and cholesterol but am on medication for both?"}
{"text": "12 days ago I had acute lower abdominal pain throughout the night, the next day i started with all over body ache, fever, loss of appetite and vomiting with extreme tiredness, this lasted for four days. During that time I did not take my usual medication, levothyroxine and the mini pill. On day 6 when still recovering from the illness I started with a heavy period (I haven\u2019t had a period for years due to the pill I take), I assumed this was because I had missed a few days of the contraceptive pill, but I am not sure whether these two problems are linked or not. I have never experienced a period so heavy with a lot of blood clots and is as heavy now on day 7 of the period as it was on day 1. I have done a pregnancy test to check its not a miscarriage but it\u2019s negative. I am a 40 yr old with previous history of large benign ovarian cysts which has resulted in the removal of one ovary two years ago. Any advice gratefully received", "title": "I had acute lower abdominal pain throughout the night?"}
{"text": "I Have 2 stents in my heart on right AND left side I had a heart attack 2015 now I have trouble with my feet swelling up bad and they hurt it seems to only happen if I have been lifting to much or on my feet to long . I seen my heart doctor about this And he is giving me a water pill and potassium pill. They have really been bad this time  I have not been able to get the swelling down what is wrong??? And  is there another way to treAt this ADEM", "title": "I Have 2 stents in my heart on right AND left side I had a heart attack 2015?"}
{"text": "Hi there, I\u2019m a 20 year old male, 1.74m tall, 66KG weight.Approximately two months ago I had unprotected sex, a day or two after I noticed sores on my lips and swollen lymph nodes on either side of my neck and under my jaw, they are not visible but tender and can be felt with my hand. I may also have swollen Lymph nodes in my groin but I\u2019m not sure as they are smaller than a pea. Approximately two weeks ago I\u2019ve been coughing a lot of mucus however this has happened before. The coughing has been getting better. I have no other symptoms but really panicking i may have HIV as the nodes appeared after sex and two months later, they are still swollen. I am aware you can\u2019t diagnose me but I would be really grateful if you could tell me the likelihood my symptoms are HIV or could other factors play into this. I am waiting for the 3 month mark to get tested. Thank you very much", "title": "I have swollen lymph nodes on either side of my neck and under my jaw?"}
{"text": "4 days ago I woke up with heavy pelvic pressure that lasted all day & back began to feel discomfort. 3 days ago had discomfort in back at beginning of day but by afternoon I had severe back pain & cramps & also began having upper & lower abdominal  cramps  & I could barely walk.  Still today the back & abdominal cramps are coming & going sometimes making it difficult to stand up from sitting  & walkin", "title": "I woke up with heavy pelvic pressure that lasted all day?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed about 10+ years ago with intractable migraines. I go through periods of having daily migraines and then sometimes for awhile the migraines are less severe and less frequent. Some of my migraines are more \u2018traditional\u2019 in terms of being painful/nausea/vomiting/blurred visionOther times I have migraines that caused passing out, one sided vision loss, slurred speech, numbness down one side (I may have all or some of these symptoms). MRI has ruled out more serious causes.Do you know anything of this type of migraine? Preventatives and such have failed. I don\u2019t take pain medication for them or anything of that nature?I have other conditions: Systemic Lupus, Hermansky Pudlak Syndrome and hypertensionAge:37 Female\nMedications: Topamax, Gabapenti", "title": "I was diagnosed about 10+ years ago with intractable migraines?"}
{"text": "I had rotator cuff surgery in February and the op was a success. Then 2 weeks after the surgery i slipped up getting out of the shower and re tore it. The surgeon couldn\u2019t re attach it fully as the stitching shreaded the front of the tendon. Im getting fairly good movement, but every now and then the shoulder pops out of place. My Pt and says not to worry about it . The pain is the same if not worse than before surgery. Im wondering if I should get a second opinion or just keep pushing through. Any thoughts ?", "title": "I had rotator cuff surgery in February and re tore it?"}
{"text": "I have elevated liver enzymes and had an ultrasound recently conducted. Here are the results:\nHepatomegaly with hepatic steatosis and/or hepatocellular disease. Difficult to assess the liver due to limited acoustic penetration from the fatty liver.", "title": "I have elevated liver enzymes and had an ultrasound recently conducted, please advise?"}
{"text": "I looked at the solar eclipse for 5 or so seconds through clouds without really realizing. Should I see a doctor asap? Will I go blind? I have bad anxiety and I\u2019m freaking out about it now. I didn\u2019t like STARE but I definitely looked for more than a few seconds", "title": "I looked at the solar eclipse for 5 or so seconds will it affect my eyesight?"}
{"text": "My mother is 58 yrs old. Recently she had dengue and was admitted to hospital. After being released from hospital she is having breathing problems all the time. We consulted doctor and got to know that all sort of tests came all right.. there is no problem found\u2026 she is taking medicine also for the breathing problem and again got admitted to hospital and was given oxygen there. Now she us at home but the problem still persists. But doctors said there is no problem, no heart or health problem at all.. it is happening due to anxiety.. my question is if that is the reason then why she is having breathing trouble all the time all throughout the day.how can it be cured.. please advis", "title": "After being released from hospital my mother is having breathing problems all the time?"}
{"text": "I have an inconstant tinnitus that appeared around twenty days ago. i still cannot tell where exactly i hear it. sometimes i think it\u2019s a sound in the back of my head. at other times i think it\u2019s more around my left ear. when i cover both my ears, the first supposition is confirmed, but when i lie down especially on my left side, the second one comes to mind.  if i have to describe the sound, i would definitely say that it is very much like white noise or a very distant cricket sound, the kind of sounds you hear at a quiet summer midday. the good thing is that sometimes it stops and even when it\u2019s there it is not very loud. sometimes i have to cover both my ears and listen closely to trace it back in my head. although when it first started, i remember that it would wake me up late at night or early in the morning. it would be loud and i would find it very hard to sleep. what really makes me anxious is the cause of the tinnitus i get and why it is not constant as most people i read about have it.\nwhen i first had it i was in a bad place. i thought maybe because of stress and anxiety i was experiencing at the time. then, i went on vacation, and that\u2019s when it first got away and started to get very low. as soon as i came back home, it got back a little bit higher than during vacation and probably as it was before. i cannot tell if it\u2019s because of the noise, earbuds (usually they are not high but i use them a lot to watch on my computer alone in the room at campus where i spent the last five years) stress, or the act of lying down. i noticed that lying down without a pillow makes my ears stuffed as if i\u2019m under water. i\u2019m very scared that my hearing will be damaged because of the tinnitus. is this possible? what do you think the cause of this? do i have to see a doctor?sorry for talking too much. i thought this might help.", "title": "I have an inconstant tinnitus that appeared around twenty days ago?"}
{"text": "Is it safe to take the birth control Pill for 2/3 years without taking a break? I really hate having my period, and it stresses me out so so much. I wonder if this would help me to not have a period for a few years?Thank you in advance for your respons", "title": "Is it safe to take the birth control Pill for 2/3 years without taking a break?"}
{"text": "Since 1 Month I noticed fasciculation in my calves and some very very mild cramps.\nI get also twitches all over in tights, biceps triceps, eye, temple but they are rare and go away.Actions I took (given I\u2019ve been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder 2 months ago):1st week: Went to see 1st neurologist which dismissed ALS/MND from the beginning based on a quick clinical exam and as he expressed \u201cThey way I walked in\u201d.\n2nd week: Saw a board neurologist with 50 years o experience is his field which he dismissed ALS/MND as well and he didn\u2019t even considered necessarly to do an EMG study.\n3rd week: Finally found a neuro-muscular specialist with 10 years of experience which agreed to do an EMG in 3 limbs (Legs, Right hand) and a nerve conduction study.What he told me (still waiting for a final report yet):\n1. No evidence of MND , he clearly stated on a white paper for me to be re-assured.\n2. He suspects a lumbar radiculopathy (I do have some pain around L4-L5)\n3. A pinched ulnar nerve (light) in the right elbow (according ncs) which doesn\u2019t bother me.\n4. 3rd clinical exam without any clinical weakness or athrophy noticed by all doctors.The reason I am experiencing this anxiety is that my DAD died of ALS in 2003.\nMom mentioned that a neurologist made a genetic test for me and he found that I have no predisposition. (But I really don\u2019t remember if I did had the genetic test or not).\nDad was sporadic I think as nobody from it\u2019s family had any neuro diseases in the past (He has 2 sisters and 1 brother).\nGrandparents were ok.Last doctor said no EMG is required for follow up, but if I can do a spine MRI (no contrast) In 3 months would be good albeit is nothing to worry about now.So, finally my questions are. (Being 30 years old). (Condensing)1. Could EMG miss ALS/PLS or any MND ? If it can, what Is the chance? ( found 2,3 cases on the internet with people which claimed they started with fascics and then weakness ).\n2. Could EMG study misdiagnose? Age: 39\nMale\nMedications: XANA", "title": "I noticed fasciculation in my calves and some very very mild cramps?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had a left kidney stone in the last 2 months was removed surgically. But for the last week I\u2019ve been in pain in my right lower near my right kidney, if I press down on my tummy I can feel like a bruising sort of pain, if I push down. Been taking paraceatamol and tramadol for the pain, but doesn\u2019t help that much!\u2013 urinating fine, no discomfort or going more then usually.", "title": "I\u2019ve had a left kidney stone in the last 2 months removed surgically?"}
{"text": "I have 4 and 5mm internal iliac nodes lighting up on my last PET/CT.  Are they too small for fine needle aspiration.   I am 3 months post colorectal cancer treatment.   The original tumor is no longer evident.   I have concern about metastasis.\nThank", "title": "I have 4 and 5mm internal iliac nodes lighting up on my last PET/CT?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019ve been taking cortisone pills together with roacutane to reduce my facial acne. I was just wondering if the cortisone can suppress my growth in any way? I am currently 18 years old and take around 3/4-1 cortisone pill a week (not sure of the size of the pill). Any information would be greatly appreciated. Thanks", "title": "Can cotisone pills affect my growth?"}
{"text": "I have had an off and on ear infection and now it\u2019s worse than before. It has caused me flashes of pain. This has been happening for the past 3 weeks. I thought this ear infection at first would go away on its own. I can\u2019t put pressure on the ear or the area where my side burns are located either. I just put a q-tip in my ear and instead of my normal brown earwax, my ear wax is now a greenish color and I pulled out a bit of blood. Should I be worried", "title": "I have had an off and on ear infection and now it\u2019s worse than before?"}
{"text": "I am a 66yo non-smoking / non-drinking polynesian male with BP of around 160 / 90 and a pulse of 60. I weigh 90kgs and am 1.7m tall.I work in a desk job and have a lot of stress. I swim 1km 4-5 days a week. My diet is fine with an emphasis on low-sugar and low-salt. My cholesterol is around 5.0 but I am prone to low hdl and highish ldl / triglycerides. However, I am no longer in the pre-diabetic range.I take allopurinol for gout.Recently I experienced a small  number of chest pains. I was given a resting EKG which was ok but I apparently had an inverted P wave. I also had arrhythmic heartbeats.I then did a treadmill stress test and after 5 minutes my pulse was 160 and my BP was 260 / 40!!!! The test was stopped immediately. Note that my pulse is between 120-140 after 30 minutes of good intensity swimming. I am also recovering from a severe flu.I have sludgy blood according to a previous doctor. I also recently had all my amalgam filings removed which may have increased the mercury in my body.My current thinking is to work on exercising my heart through exercise, thinning my blood through curcumin, and controlling my arrhythmia increasing my potassium and magnesium intake.What can I infer from my pains? Is my heart damaged? Do I have hardening of the arteries? If my approach to resolving this pain worthwhile?I look forward to your comments", "title": "I was given a resting EKG which was ok but I apparently had an inverted P wave?"}
{"text": "Does only cough from a month means tb, the cough is not sever it comes 5-6 times a day but when oily food is taken it increases, cough is not with sputum, a month before cough was started with cold flu symptoms but met a gp and got medicines but cold was cured but cough is lasting still, is the cough is due viral infection or is it tb or other sever disease symptoms", "title": "I have a cough for a month, can it be TB Tuberculosis?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m fused at l5-s1 over a year ago and having new l5-s1 dermatome neuropathy.. Last xray the hardware was fine. No injury. Woke up with a numb foot and leg and ER advised it\u2019s the l5-s1 nerve dermatome. I have no disc there as it was removed. What could cause the new symptoms to appear literally over night", "title": "I\u2019m fused at l5-s1 over a year ago and having new l5-s1 dermatome neuropathy?"}
{"text": "I just started taking Lisinopril 10mg per day for mild hypertension.  I eat lots of fruits and vegetables that are high in potassium. How much is too much daily potassium. How much of a concern is this and do I have to change my diet to avoid ingesting too much", "title": "I just started taking Lisinopril 10mg per day for mild hypertension?"}
{"text": "i am a 34 year old male,185cm-84kg and very thin, i was treated for graves disease 4 years ago with total RAI ablation.treated with  eutroxsig my thyroid levels are perfect,testing 3 days ago revealed clear lung xraymy cholesterol level was 7.2\u2026.For the past 12 months iv had regular very uncomfortable pinpoint tickling sensations in my heart area, that are always accompanied by extreme tremor/shaking in entire body and complete loss of breath but not ability to breath,it happens more when im at rest and mainly seated,it is consuming my life with the tremors being almost constant.my doctor doesnt take it seriously because of my weight and age,and my endocrinologist told me to start drinking alcohol for tremors but offered no help or answers\u2026any advice to help with heart/tremors that might have been overlooked would be great thankyo", "title": "I have heart problems with tremors and shaking?"}
{"text": "Age:25, Gender: MaleHello doctor recently I have pain in my kidney so I went to.doctor he suggested ultrasound in the report I had 2 kidney stone one of left and other on right measuring 4.2 and 4.4 I had endoscopy I had hpolyri virus and doctor gave me medicine ..I had redness at the tip of my penis and started to get itching in my genitals and it\u2019s been 2 months that my redness has not gone I have completed the course now I see small blister on the shaft of my penis when I take medicine.i changed my medicine from allopathy to homepathy after completing the course of 14 days for h ployri and kidney stones again I took kidney stone medicine \u2026My age is 25 I am afraid of STD/hiv  More details about the presenting complaint:\nI have pain in urinatination.Redness at the tip of penis and itching in back and also in genitala..rashes at the back and allergyPrevious history of the same issue:\nHad a kidney stoneCurrent medications:\nHemopathic Hydrangea arborescens Berberies vulgarisLab tests performed:\nEndoscopy Urine test Ultrasoun", "title": "I have pain in my kidney, taking allopathy and homeopathy?"}
{"text": "a while back i lost almost vision in my left eye and it hurt to move it, the doctor said it was caused by inflammation in spinal cord, also they found white spots in brain, but after a few weeks the eye got better,so nothing was done, now for around a year i have this issue when i bend my neck forward i feel cold,tingling sensation in right fee", "title": "Lost vision due to inflammation in spinal cord?"}
{"text": "Okay. So I am a female and I had sex August 1st and August 3rd. I used a condom both times. On August 5th I felt like I was getting the flu. It really on lasted 2-3 days and wasn\u2019t bad enough where I couldn\u2019t work or anything like that. Then a week later, August 11 I went a water park. The same night I went out with friends and I wore this body suit thing that was pretty tight against my vagina and felt pretty irritating. The morning after I woke up and something felt off. There wasn\u2019t any weird discharge or smells that I noticed. It was mildly itchy and just felt irritated in general. I tried monostare one day and took over the counter UTI pills for a couple days. Nothing changed. I also got my period a couple days later. Now, it still feels like same. Mildly irritated and a tiny bit itchy. Also, I found one small bump this morning on the inner lip of my vagina. Kind of near my cliterous  area. It looks like an in grown hair (I shaved last night) but is there a chance I could have heperes (herpes) or another STD?  It doesn\u2019t hurt and it\u2019s only one and it\u2019s underneath the skin. Age: 27. Medications: Bc pill", "title": "Is there a chance I could have herpes or another STD?"}
{"text": "I am having sharp pain in my right knee for more than 2 months. Sharp pain when im driving it hurts so bad that i cry. When i sleep my knee also hurt. Done a scan, a sonar, an mri and results are no problem detected. Pain still remain. With a biocenetic dr currently, doing exersice, no relief. arxocia dont work. On pain killers every day", "title": "I am having sharp pain in my right knee, need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "For over 2 years I have been experiencing nausea and vomiting almost daily, it is worst on the morning and is not related to the type of food I eat although it is made worse by eating. I have had endoscopy which is clear no ulcers no reflux.\nHelicobacter negative.And the gastroenterologist are leaving me with no answers. I am taking 40mg omeprazol twice a day. To no effect although causing side effect of diarrhoea.What else,could possibly be causing my symptoms and what should I do now", "title": "I have been experiencing nausea and vomiting almost daily?"}
{"text": "I had a hysterectomy last year, my friends came to visit me when I returned home and we were laughing and I felt something pop, I assumed I burst some stitches. I didn\u2019t have any pain at the time as I was taking gabapentin for capsulitis in both shoulders. I recently weaned off gabapentin and I am in severe pain and distention in my abdomen. My GP referred me for an ultrasound on my ovaries which came back clear, but I am still in agony", "title": "I had a hysterectomy last year now it broke?"}
{"text": "I am female and 65.  I have irritable bowel.  I have hemorrhoids that sometimes bleed \u2013 maybe every 7 to 8 weeks or so.  Sometimes I can go for months with no bleeding.  If I get constipated, I may have the bleeding.   I have had in my life 3 colonoscopies all clean -no polyps.  The last one was in 2011.  So, when you have a patient that does bleed every so often, how often should a colonoscopy be performed?  No family history", "title": "I have irritable bowel, how often should a colonoscopy be performed?"}
{"text": "I developed Shingles on 8 days ago. I am on Famciclovir  500mg, 3x day. The swelling around the rash has gone down, and, for the most part the actual rash is drying up. The area in question is on my left thigh. I wear long pants all day long to cover the area. I am scheduled to take a First Aid Course on Monday August 21 & 23. Is it safe for me to do so. Can I still be contagious to others.\nThank Yo", "title": "I developed shingles can I still be contagious to others?"}
{"text": "Five years back,  I suffered a heart attack, a stent was implanted.  Since then no problem. Recently, got routine pathological tests & ECHO done with all normal reports. I\u2019m, however, advised for  angiography whereas I\u2019m  interested in CT angiography, but I\u2019m told  that CT angiography can\u2019t be done for stent implanted patients. Kindly comment", "title": "I suffered a heart attack, a stent was implanted?"}
{"text": "My dad of 71 suffered a stroke 2 plus yrs ago. This left him paralysed down one side, incontinent, poor speech and soft diet. He has not had his bowels open now between 3/4 weeks. Been on laxatives but nothing\u2019s working. Does he need to be hospitalized", "title": "My dad of 71 suffered a stroke 2 plus yrs ago.  Does he need to be hospitalized?"}
{"text": "When my son was 18 years old, he got very tense studying and a result of worries and pressure during the final exams, my son got a ring of fire  then he start losing part of his hair. This was 3 years ago and he still has bald spots on his head without hair and the ring of fire was cured on the first year\nThen he start to have alopecia on his head and his eyebrows , hands and legs.\nDifferent doctors gave him injections on the bald spots but this is not giving any progress.  This is affecting his social life and taking the injections in the bold spots on his head is hurting him and he wants to stop taking it.\nPlease advise me of any new medication or a prescription to use to make his hair grow again", "title": "My son has bald spots and alopecia?"}
{"text": "Hi, I had a potential blood clot but a chest ct came back clear. I still have chest pain and upper back pain as well as shortness of breath. What could this be. They said it was potentially a muscular or skeletal pain but I get pain on my left side especially. They suggested pain killers, I\u2019m not convinced it\u2019s a muscle strain nor could they tell of an infection. X-ray and ecg are fine, I still think there is something wrong. I am short of breath and my left shoulder feels achey. I have a small cough and cough up a little phlegm if I cough too muc", "title": "I had a potential blood clot but a chest ct came back clear?"}
{"text": "In March 2017 I had a partial toe nail and matrix removal because the inner top (curricula corner) I had an excess buildup of skin growing outward and causing light pain. Post op care was easy and painless without any issues and further healing was easy and I was careful not to wear heels or tight fitting shoes in the tie area. Now in mid August I\u2019ve been noticing that the same problem has been coming back: the uber top corner at the side and cuticle has been swelling and building up. I\u2019ve not gotten to the salon, have not painted my toenails, nothing since the operation. So I\u2019m curious what the problem could be if the original issue is coming back! Could it be a deep rooted issue with healing and it could be infected? Any ideas? The photo attached showed the issue taken one week between photos with the right being the most current", "title": "I had a partial toe nail and matrix removal, same problem has been coming back?"}
{"text": "My husband is 54 and has been fighting all these symptoms for 4 years and getting worse. He has short term memory loss, blacks out for an amount of time, tremors, seizures, slurred speech at times and a lazy eye when all this is happening. He is on toprimate for seizures and hasn\u2019t had one this year. He is also on propananol for his tremors and he is on an anti depressant that they just put him on recently for his mood swings. We have been to 4 neurologists in the area, general practioners, er\u2026 they all run their tests and everything comes up normal. He was in Afghanistan and after 3 months of being home he started all of these symptoms fast. First the short term memory loss, then seizures, the rest after that. He was hospitalized for a week. No doctor can figure out what is wrong with him so they just treat each symptom. Some don\u2019t do anything. Any ideas or suggestions", "title": "My husband has short term memory loss, blacks out for an amount of time, tremors, seizures, slurred speech at times, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am a 21 male. My haemoglobin level was 5.1. I had two units of blood. No internal bleeding. Cause is still being tested and going for tests soon. I got the blood transfusion 10 days ago. I feel generally fine i just want to know how long generally will it take to recover from the acute low hemoglobin? Another question i have is , i tried to do basic things like skip and pushups and after a couple minutes i feel really fatigued. Is this my body still recovering and i need to give it more time to recover or is it me being unfit and i just need to push through ? Many thanks", "title": "How long will it take to recover from the acute low hemoglobin?"}
{"text": "My primary care physician thinks I may have carcinoid tumor. The 24 hour 5-HIAA test was negative but Chromogranin A was positive at 150 I have severe night sweats and nausea. I take toujeo and novolog insulin . Metropolol re 50 flecaninide 100md mirtazipine 30mg and mirapex 1 m", "title": "My primary care physician thinks I may have carcinoid tumor?"}
{"text": "Hi. A question about hiv antibody/antigen testing. I have had untreated CLL for 8 years. Would a HIV test result still be accurate with this condition? Thank you. Age 65 Mal", "title": "Would a HIV test result still be accurate with CLL for 8 years?"}
{"text": "Hi, so yesterday, I woke up with an inflamed right knee, and I don\u2019t know how I got it. Prior to the inflammation my knee was perfectly fine, no pain, no inflammation, and I don\u2019t recall using my knee or having an \u201cintense\u201d work out that stresses out my knee. However, I do kneel a lot when I\u2019m working (as a stocker). Now, the inflammation still persist, but not as worse as when I noticed it.More information; 10 years ago, I was diagnosed with neurofibromatosis (cant remember which type)\n                             Gender: Male\n                             Age: 19\n                             Height and Weight: 5\u20194; 120l", "title": "I woke up with an inflamed right knee, and I don\u2019t know how I got it?"}
{"text": "I had surgery in both hands for carpal tunnel two years ago. The symptoms are still there and the muscle weakness seems to be getting worse and spreading up my arms. It also feels like my legs are starting with weakness as well. I am also tired all the time. My doctor seemed to blow it off when I asked", "title": "I had surgery in both hands for carpal tunnel two years ago?"}
{"text": "I had a CT done on 8/7/17, a spot showed up on my lung.  Apparently to small to do a biopsy.  I am a smoker, and of course this got my attention.  Also a spot showed up on my liver.  The doctor said to come back in a year?  Should I be seeing a different doctor, the doctor I was seeing is a Urologist because I was having an issued with kidney stones.  What do I do now?  I\u2019m 68 year old female", "title": "I had a CT scan and  a spot showed up on my lung, please advise?"}
{"text": "Dear doctor, I am a 35 year old male who\u2019ve never had any serious health problems. However in the past few years I started suffering from severe air sickness/motion sickness whilst on long distance flights. I never had this problem when I was younger. I have taken various motion sickness tablets such as Hyoscine Hydrobromide and Cinnarizine but they don\u2019t have much effect. Another thing I notice is I don\u2019t get sick on my return flights usually within the time of 2 to 3 weeks from the start of the travel. So far I have no problems travelling by car, train and short boat trip. It would be great if could tell me what\u2019s the possible cause of my travel sickness and how I can overcome it. Thank you.", "title": "I started suffering from severe air sickness/motion sickness?"}
{"text": "I have been having bad stomach cramps for about two months now, with an overall lack of energy and constipation. I\u2019ve also noticed lately I\u2019ve had a lack of phlegm production as well. I\u2019ve always produced a lot of phlegm my whole life, constantly clearing my throat. I assumed this was the result of an Ulcer. So I gave up drinking and Coffee, as well as spicy foods and foods high in fat. I\u2019ve been eating lots of fruit (no citrus), Yogurt, and generally bland foods. I have been under a lot of stress the last few years and have been dealing with a Heart Burn since then. But OTC Medications have alleviated that. I\u2019ve been healthy my whole life, no problems at all", "title": "I have been having bad stomach cramps for about two months now?"}
{"text": "My husband had major heart surgery 12months ago, it was 2 replaced valves, 1 repaired valve and 2 double bypasses.   His left ventricle failed during the operation causing major problems with 2 litres of blood having to be removed from his cavity 3 -4 days after the operation.   His heart is presently operating at 34%.  Tablets include Warfarin and Atacan among others.   His INR is 3, now reduction of warfarin in place to bring it back to 2.5.\nCurrent problem is :  he is experiencing loud noises in his ears of rushing water?   Is this a concern considering what he has been through??", "title": "Experiencing loud noises in ears after major heart surgery?"}
{"text": "Hi there I am currently 26 years old and was diagnosed with epilepsy in 2012 I believe. I was very apprehensive when hearing this because I had only had two seizures a year apart, the first one I was alseep and the second I was shopping. BOTH seizures came after a weekend that I had done MDMA and had tried Cocaine. I was in an abusive relationship and had also stopped eating properly and was extremely unhappy. All of theae factors definitely.played a part in my health and I feel as though it was over looked and I was looking for another opinion. I have been on and off my meds over the last 6 years simply because when I had first gone off way back 4 or 5 years ago i had NO issues. Light doesnt bug me, smell do not either. I dont see auras i dont get dizzy or anything.  I have had coversations with other neurologists and they have said that many patients get off meds after this long withouy any issues. I understand this is a hard topic to discuss over the computer but I am curious as to what someone else would do for a patient in my situation. My neuro has horrible ratings and all patients feel over looked like I do. Any info wil help thank you", "title": "I am currently 26 years old and was diagnosed with epilepsy in 2012?"}
{"text": "I have been diagnosed with an enlarged/dilated abdominal aorta and same with inferior vena cava.  Iliac veins are also noted to be aneurysmal in size (34 on left, 21 on right). I know stress could induce a rupture but could the initial dilation have been caused by stress? Male. Taking no medication.", "title": "I have been diagnosed with an enlarged/dilated abdominal aorta and same with inferior vena cava?"}
{"text": "I have visited my doctor several times in the last year about various health issues that I have been faced with but I am no closer to finding out what is going on inside my body. I hope that you can help me in finding the next steps to becoming healthy again. My most recent concern \u2013 and reason for visiting the doctor \u2013 was due to random balding. It was said that I had Alopecia Areata because of the circular patches of baldness on the crown of my head. However, blood tests were taken and everything came back fine. The doctor told me that another cause for Alopecia Areata was stress \u2013 but the fact that I haven\u2019t felt anymore stressed than I typically would goes against that diagnoses. Nor is my condition genetically inherited. So that leaves the question: for what reason is my hair falling out at such a massive rate? (my largest bald patch is 3 by 4 inches \u2013 there is also 3 smaller 1 by 1 inch patches surrounding it). I also paid my doctor a visit around one year ago due to regular light-headedness and fainting. He suspected that I may be anaemic but blood tests proved otherwise \u2013 I was never given a diagnoses or advise on how to deal with this issue. The light-headedness, I have learned to live with. The fainting however becomes more and more dangerous each time it happens. It recently happened when I was outside and alone which resulted in me having a rather unattractive and painful gash on the right side of my face. I have considered the possibility that these two things might possibly be tied to one another; whether there is something in my blood causing these symptoms, or whether a poor diet could cause such things. However, I am no doctor and couldn\u2019t possibly diagnose myself. Other information that may be useful: \u2013 Bad eating habits: typically one meal a day with few snacks in between.\n\u2013 Healthy BMI: 5 foot 3 inches tall, 124 pounds, female, 20 years old.\n\u2013 Irregular periods.\n\u2013 Unhealthy appearance: pale skin, purple/yellow discoloration around eyes.\n\u2013 Bad sleeping habits: undiagnosed insomnia, nightmares, sleep paralyses. It has gotten to the point where all of these symptoms are interfering with my daily life and I would very much like to move on once and for all. I hope that you can guide me in the right direction. Thank-you", "title": "Is balding, light-headedness and fainting signs of a serious disease?"}
{"text": "2 weeks before feeling pain, swelling and redness at left\nthigh within two days it moved to calf that time the\n ultrasongraphy done and result says reactive left\ninguinal lymphadenopathy\nSuperficial thrombophlebitis\nof the SSV and the left LSVI take aspirin 80 mg for 2 day\nThe swelling and redness disappear fell itching pain and\nnumbness\nAfter a week do the scan again and the report says normal\nBut the numbness same\nNow I am Taking Lyrica 75mgTilax 4mg\nMethycobal 500mgAlmost 4 days, But no changes and feeling\nnumbness on arm and forearm muscles too\nThis is the current status no pain numbness only\nwhat I should do", "title": "I have Superficial thrombophlebitis of the SSV and the left LSVI, please advise?"}
{"text": "I had  FESS and Septoplasy surgery 6 weeks ago and Im still some headaches though they are not really bad.  Last week and today I had a post nasal discharge which is black in colour. It was a bit alarming! What could that be? Is it  possibly blood from the original operation", "title": "I had Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) and Septoplasy surgery 6 weeks ago?"}
{"text": "Trying to find out what these strange \u201cbites\u201d or \u201crash\u201d places are. Small red bumps in nearly a \u201cV\u201d shape. They do NOT itch. Not really any pain or anything. Maybe something viral? I have had something going on with RUQ abdomen into lower area toward hip, intermittent pain and bouts of nausea. Not sure if it could be related. The area on back of upper left arm appeared 1 day ago (a few random spots on other areas of left arm, maybe 4 other spots), area on mid/upper left back appeared today. Thought possibly shingles but again, no itching or pain. Any ideas", "title": "I have strange \u201cbites\u201d or \u201crash\u201d, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am a 39yr old immunocompromised female.  I have been living with herpes for 17yrs. I had been having recurrent episodes of herpes and a doctor prescribed 400mg of acyclovir per day for 6 months for suppression. Over the years, before taking the medication, I have noticed that I normally get the recurrent outbreaks between a few days before my menstrual period to a few days after. If I were to take the 400mg per day of acyclovir during only this period in which I normally get outbreaks to cut down on the cost of buying the acyclovir, would this still be an effective treatment method, and more importantly, would this intermittent taking of acyclovir increase the chances of or cause the HPV to become resistant to the acyclovir", "title": "I have been living with herpes for 17yrs?"}
{"text": "Hi, I just had a uretheral dilation. This will be my forth dilation from the same doctor. I was under the assumption that he was going to fix the problem properly this time. Last time he cut my urethra and it lasted just over two years before I kept getting bad kidney infections. He said to me there are no other options but to stretch it. I don\u2019t believe him and I think he is just trying to make money off me. I am supposed to go back in three weeks for a follow up but I think I should try another doctor. Are there other solutions for a narrow urethra other than a stretch. Any help would be appreciated", "title": "I just had a uretheral dilation?"}
{"text": "I am a 44 years old female and fractured my coccygeal vertebra 26 years ago. I did not have any pain after my fracture had healed but ever since May 2015 I am suffering from coccygeal vertebra pain. I had a MRI/NMR test in 2016 which displayed chronic inflammation of the coccygeal vertebra soft tissue. For the past two years, I have received shockwave therapy, super laser therapy, acupuncture, moxibustion, Chinese and western medicine therapy. None of which worked. In september 2015, I\u2019ve also suffered from anal pain and i found relief in coccygeal vertebra and anal pain whilst lying down on my sides. Since september 2016, my hips became sore and tender due to sleeping on my sides. Now I cannot lie down, sit or stand for long periods of time, which had severely affected my sleep. The hospital examined my hip, legs, groin, lower abdomen, pubic symphysis pain and suggested myofascial lesions (aseptic inflammation). What are some possible treatments", "title": "I am a 44 years old female and fractured my coccygeal vertebra?"}
{"text": "I was just told by my doctor that I might have herpes. I talked to my mother about it today to find out she and my father both had the virus before I was born. Is it possible I was born with the virus and didn\u2019t show any signs when I was born because she didn\u2019t have any signs of an outbreak", "title": "I was just told by my doctor that I might have herpes?"}
{"text": "I am having  sharp stabbing  pain in my upper left abdomen. After urinating  and  it comes  and goes.  I have not eaten anything  yet but when I stand up its painting and when I sit down", "title": "I am having  sharp stabbing  pain in my upper left abdomen?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026). I am 45 years old. I am a healthy person. And I walk a lot.\nI have been experiencing severe pricking sensation in the right side of my chest. I feel suffocated when this happens. And along with it i am getting heat lumps. My pain stops and as soon as it stops I get these heat lumps all over my inner thighs , stomach and on my back. And it burns. Sometimes when i wake up in morning my eyes , nose and lips will be swollen. Its been happening since 2 whole months.\nI went to see the doctor. The physician gave me anti-allergy tablets along with gas tablets. I ate those but it did not cure my problem. So i again went to the physician and he said no problem\u2026.its happening because of gas problem. Then I went to dermatologist and she too gave me anti-allergies. She told me to eat those for 6 Whole months!!!! I am now on the tablets which she suggested me but those are of no use. They are not affecting me in any way. What shall i do now? Can I please know whether these signs are for any serious problem or something? Why am i facing this?", "title": "I have been experiencing severe pricking sensation in the right side of my chest?"}
{"text": "I have multiple myeloma-stage one. I have been diagnosed w/leukopenia. The Dr. wants to treat me w/Revlimid, Velcade and Dexamethasone. Is chemo wise considering I have leukopenia before treatment even starts? Greatly concerned", "title": "I have multiple myeloma-stage one. I have been diagnosed with leukopenia?"}
{"text": "I experienced trauma to my right hand, and now the tendon over my middle knuckle slips\nwhenever I slowly release a clenched fist. Besides the slight pain that comes with that,\nthere are only bruises which aren\u2019t too painful. Is it possible for this injury to heal without surgery? Is there a way to speed up the recovery process?", "title": "I experienced trauma to my right hand, Is it possible for this injury to heal without surgery?"}
{"text": "I have went from blood pressure of 120 over 80 to 170 over 92 and have loss of balance in a matter of two weeks. What may be the cause of this? Age:75 Mal", "title": "I have went from blood pressure of 120 over 80 to 170 over 92"}
{"text": "Hi I had a ablation done on Tuesday to treat wpw. I still have the bandage on from when they made a puncture I\u2019m a little scared to take it off still incase it bleeds. Is this okay to leave it on? And I have tingling sensations in both my feet is this normal too", "title": "Hi I had a ablation done on Tuesday to treat wpw?"}
{"text": "Before i was being diagnosed to have appendicitis, the doctor said i have gastritis, i told her that i feel food get stuck in near chest and feel pain in stomach. But 2 days after that i had gone appendectomy.\nIt\u2019s now 1 month after appendectomy. Now I feel food seems stuck below my throat and sometimes i feel something harsh in my stomach, and i lose appetite if i feel that. Is this still gastritis? Should i take the prescribe med before(omeprazole)", "title": "Do I have gastritis or appendicitis?"}
{"text": "Hi! I just had an x-ray exam and it says \u2018additional oblique view of the right lung again shows the density in the right upper lobe likely a granuloma while the previously noted density in the right lower lung is no longer appreciated\u2019 what does it mean", "title": "I just had an x-ray exam, says granuloma, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have doubt of having kidney infection\nMy report shows albumin:+++\nRbc:plenty\nPus cells:3-4/hpf\nEpithelial cell:1-2/hpf\nUbg:1+\nBLD:+-\nPRO:3+\nLEU:3", "title": "Do I have a kidney infection?"}
{"text": "Hi! I developed a fever on friday afternoon and it has gone up and down since, it has been as high as 103.5 and as low as 97.9, I am taking Tylenol or Advil. I get the chills and then sweat really bad. The fever as i said goes up and down but seems to be consistent around 100.4 to 101.7. I have not lost my appetite but feel achy and sometimes have a headache. Age:39 Mal", "title": "I developed a fever on friday afternoon and it has gone up and down since?"}
{"text": "my question is if we give \u201cVaricella 2+ MMR 2 \u201d Vacctions double or two times to a child , any health problems or\nany other problems can arise to the child???\nI had lost the Immunisation card of my child and also forgot the vaccination. she is now 7yrs . I gave her\n\u201cVaricella 2 + MMR\u201d . I am in doubt if she got these before then what will be the reactions to her body. I am in\na big tension.Please help me ???", "title": "if we give \u201cVaricella 2+ MMR 2 \u201d Vaccination double or two times to a child , any health problems?"}
{"text": "i have a son thats only a month old and i have notice his leg and arm will turn purple. theres times just his leg will turn dark purple. and this  comes and goes. this been happen since he was a newborn. like a week old. i want to know why is that happening to my son", "title": "My sons leg and arm will turn purple?"}
{"text": "For over 10 years now and been seen by multiple doctors that did multiple test with no DX, i have been having one week out of the month sever joint pain, muscle aches, bones ache,  low fever, chills, a feeling of being cold down in my bones, lymph nodes in neck are tender and swollen, sore throat, back of neck aches, skin feels like needles pricking all over, muscle spasms, tingling feet, knees swelling and hot. This all happends at one time..every symptom!!! It usually starts in the evenings and is gone by morning but the past couple months it has began to start earlier in the day and the symptoms are getting more painful", "title": "I feel severe joint pain, muscle aches, bones ache,  low fever, chills, a feeling of being cold down in my bones?"}
{"text": "I have subclinical hypothoroid.my tsh level is  5.226  and t4 &t3 is normal. My colsrol level is high on border line.please advise", "title": "I have subclinical hypothyroidism?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI am male 35 years age . I am facing hypothyroidism from last four years.my doctor advice me Euthyrox 50ug (Levothyroxine sodium)as medicine for two months. After that i take it occupational not continuously. Means I take this one week after 15 days. My all reports were narmal. But I am facing hair fall and sexual weakness.\nPlease guide me properly", "title": "Suffering from Hypothyroidism side effects, please advise?"}
{"text": "With an acetabular fracture, what are the proper positions to sit, lay, and sleep after surgery to repair a shattered right acetabulum", "title": "With an acetabular fracture, what are the proper positions to sit?"}
{"text": "Ok do I have Colon Cancer Or ibs I have some pebble poop and thin stool sometime once i had a turd it was kinda curve. Sometime when i have pebble poop i have mucus on them. I also took someone stool softener it didnt do much i am able to pass gas so is it ibs or colon cancer and tell me how to get rid of this constipation", "title": "Do I have Colon Cancer or IBS?"}
{"text": "I had my gallbladder out a month ago. Laparoscopy. My incision by my belly button hurts. It\u2019s constant and burning. It feels like it\u2019s underneath the skin slightly to the left. It\u2019s becoming sharper and sneezing, coughing, laughing, stretching all hurt.the pain woke me up from sleep 2 times. the incision itself looks fine but I\u2019m having a lot of pain.im not sure if I need to have it checked out or if it\u2019s norma", "title": "I had my gallbladder out a month ago. Laparoscopy?"}
{"text": "For the past 3-4 days a sharp pain at the left side of head, about even with the front of left ear but on the top of head.  Lasts for 5 to 10 seconds then goes away.  Happening very frequently throughout the day.  Sometimes happens as often as every 5 to 10 minutes apart. Not dabilitating, but worrisome and annoying.  I don\u2019t get headaches except slight occasional sinus headache.  Had top right wisdom tooth pulled last week Monday, with no issues, but seeped blood until Friday", "title": "I have a sharp pain at the left side of head?"}
{"text": "I took a pregnancy test at home and it came back positive. I went to the doctor to get a termination, however the doctor stated he couldn\u2019t find a sac or anything.my test results was pos/neg..  I may be experiencing a chemical pregnancy. My question is since there no sign of a fetus can I take a plan B to make my period come down", "title": "I took a pregnancy test at home and it came back positive but doctor says there is no sac or anything?"}
{"text": "My father (age 56 yrs & weight 70 Kg) has been diagnosed with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, Stage 4 with primary tumour in his Left Upper Lobe and metastasis in Liver and Bone. The biopsy report has confirmed it to be adenocarcinoma.\nHe complained of wheezing and breathing difficulty and towards ascertaining the cause a X-ray was taken on 23 Feb 17 which showed massive pleural effusion in his left lungs. A series of tests followed with the ultimate result as NSCLC Stage 3B. It was categorised as Stage 3B as the pleural effusion was para-malignant and no metastases was noted in any other body part.\nHe was started with CCRT treatment which concluded on 05 May 17. During the treatment he was given daily dose of radiation therapy to his primary tumour site in his left upper lobe using IGRT (60 Gy/ 30 #/6 weeks) and weekly chemotherapy with paclitaxel (150 mg) & Carboplatin (300 mg) for 6 weeks. Despite the treatment, the cancer is advancing and has now spread to Liver and Bones as brought out in his latest PET CT report.\nLung tissue which was obtained during CT guided biopsy conducted in the month of Mar 17, before the CCRT treatment was started, has tested positive for EGFR mutation \u2013 \u201cE746_A750del is detected in EXON 19 of EGFR gene\u201d. His doctor has started my father on Erlotinib 150 mg OD since 26 Jun 17.\nMy father has developed Post Obstructive Pneumonia in his left lung and there is consolidation in his entire left lung. This is evident from a recent X-ray. He is having difficulty in breathing, takes short & fast breath, sweats a lot, feels cold, has irritation in his throat and gets tired very fast. He also has issue eating solid food and had greatly cut down his diet.\nHe was started on Oral antibiotic for a week, but did not respond to it. He is admitted in the hospital and is being injected with antibiotics through IVs and injections. His condition remains to be same with no much improvement. His SPO2 level is also low at 90-92%.\nCan you suggest anything towards treatment of my father? What is the sequence of treatment that we should follow to ensure recovery of my father in case he does not respond to the antibiotic injections", "title": "My father has been diagnosed with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer?"}
{"text": "Hi I am a gay male and I hooked up with a guy last night which is not something I normally do as im usually very careful and talk about sexual health with partners before sex and have always used protection during anal sex. I was messing around with this guy, mainly masturbating each other and grinding on each other and a little bit of oral but then as he was rubbing himself against me it started to feel like he was trying to push himself into me and I pushed him away as he wasn\u2019t wearing a condom and that is definitely not something I would do with someone I had just hooked up with. But the fact that he seemed willing to do that got me worried and I spoke with him today and asked him about it and he said he was just playing with the idea of it and that he wouldn\u2019t actually have done it. Im pretty sure there was no penetration, as like I said I pushed him away, but maybe there could be a chance the very tip went a tiny bit in \u2013 im not really sure. Although I think I would have been aware, its just I start to doubt myself and there was a lot of lube on his penis from masturbating him due to the fact that he is circumcised. I asked him about his sexual health and if he gets checked regularly and uses condoms. I said that if he thinks he has put himself at risk and hasn\u2019t been tested then I would consider taking pep although what we did was low risk so I would hope he would be honest in response to that. He said that he last got tested 6 months ago and has always used protection since then and that him and a guy were having unprotected sex but only with each other and they had both been tested and that this was around a year ago. Assuming that information is true, along with the activities we were doing and from what I know about HIV transmission I would say that the risk of transmission is very low and PEP would not be needed, but I wanted to also get the advice of a medical professional", "title": "I want to know about HIV transmission and if a PEP would not be needed?"}
{"text": "Girlfriend has crippling period pains that are certainly Endometriosis. Recent scan showed Endometrium was 16mm thick. Crippling pains and completely immobile during her period, and sometimes in between. Getting worse month by month. Painful going to the toilet when on her period. Unqualified Cambodian doctor has prescribed Clotrimazole& Tinidazole. I think a progesterone cream is the way to go forward, however it is not advisable to take progesterone and Clomitrazole together and the latter interacts with the former.I will attach the ultrasound results", "title": "Girlfriend has crippling period pains that are certainly Endometriosis?"}
{"text": "I have what seems to be a infected ingrown hair or hair ms braided almost under shin running through all my bidy help me I have done a glycolic salitic acid peel twice and it is becoming more visibl", "title": "I have what seems to be a infected ingrown hair?"}
{"text": "Hello Doctor,Actually my problem begins first time i took SSRI with strong activity, they started to take effect just 10 minutes after its digestive absorption! the effects are summarized as a common physical reactions of the body instructed by the brain (compulsive crying, irresistible physical motivation and strong motive energy, emotional rush, backward memory and reminiscence I don\u2019t exaggerate if I say until 3 years old !! also divagations and temporary serotoninergic syndrome)\nAfter one month I noticed a very low activity in my neural process and a very poor productivity regarding my mathematical and logic skills, I stopped these drugs abruptly hence the new ordeal to be welcomed to!, a new stage of new gender of disabilities and withdrawal symptoms just worse than before! I was deeply touched to the point I forgot even the way to tie my choe cord !!! It took me six other months of infernal battling (yoga and meditation and jogging) to recatch my reason, but there is still a couple of unsolicited effects, I cite :\n\u2013 Short term memory, It got totally damaged, this influenced my chaining of ideas, I can\u2019t dive into my thoughts more than few steps, also my linking between facts has received a very important impact, that far I can\u2019t link between cloudiness and rain,too sad !\n\u2013 stuttering and terminology deficiency.\n\u2013 Independence of caffeine after I was taking 7 cups / 24h at average.\n\u2013 Intuition and sharp thinking, also selectivity is twisted I became more chaotic about selecting my decisions.\n\u2013 Readiness of learning and acquiring new concepts.\n\u2013 brain zaps and inner brain electrical shocks.\n\u2013 Uncontrollable and disordered muscular behavior (especially my fingers), and casually muscular itching (I suspect this to be in direct relation).\n\u2013 Dysthymia, apathy and attention deficit.\n\u2013 Dry and sour mouth each morning.I talked to a doctor ,he presaged all these aftermaths to my lack of adrenaline and chemical imbalance that followed my rupture in cold turkey style, in reference to this claims it induced a disorder in dopamine transmitter activity which subsisted after the break-up event.My question: Should I take adrenaline reuptake meds to reorder my brain ? or should I revert to these drugs again and experience the same hellish correlative reactions until I withdraw naturally ?\n\u2013 Also is there some placebo that treats chemical dysfunction in the brain ? if it is not ginkgo so what would be", "title": "I suffer problems after taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)?"}
{"text": "hi, I missed my periods on 7th July. After 8 days, I did the pregnancy test with a kit and it was positive. I took mifrepristone tablet on 16th July and 3 Misoprostol tablets orally after 48 hours. Just after that I had cramps and I started bleeding. It remained for 4 days and 0n 5th day the bleeding was very less. I want to know whether the abortion is don", "title": "I took mifrepristone tablet and 3 Misoprostol tablets orally after 48 hours, am I pregnant?"}
{"text": "Sudden ataxia with no obvious cause \u2013 sent for a routine head MRI results are: no structural abnormality in brain parenchyma obvious maxillary sinus cyst.  Retained fluid secretions in a pneumatised left petrous apex.  Still feeling terrible and don\u2019t have a neuro apt till end of September.  Is this a normal MRI result or something I should get seen quicke", "title": "Sudden ataxia with no obvious cause?"}
{"text": "Hi Doc,\nIs it bad to always take antibiotics? This year I have taken 3 courses of Augmentin. Ever since I did my radiotherapy 4 years ago on my nose, I seem to catch bacteria flu quite easily. It will start with lots and lots of greenish mucus coming out from my nostril and then  I will get a very cough soon enough. It is the same every time.I always needed Augmentin to recover fully. But after  3 months or so  I will get the same thing over again  . . I am worried that Augmentin will not be able to work one day as the bacteria may become more resistant. I am currently down with the same thing but have not gone to see a doctor yet.. I am 100% positive that it is another bacteria attack, Should I go for another course of Augmentin? I have taken so many courses and I am getting worried. I am thinking of doing a yearly flu jab once I recover. Will the flu jab protects me from further attack", "title": "Is it bad to always take antibiotics?"}
{"text": "My husband has been taking magnesium supplements as a pre-workout regimen for approximately 2 months. He is 43 years old, healthily, and active. He told me yesterday, he has been taking 2000mg of magnesium daily, without realizing this is above the daily recommended value of 350mg. He began experiencing loose stool/diarrhea symptoms this weekend, not severe, but noticeable. He has not shown any other symptoms. Is this something that he should have checked or will his body naturally flush the magnesium from his system? Is there something we can do to reverse the effects of the magnesium more quickly? Thank you", "title": "Suffering from magnesium supplements overdose?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with endometriosis via laparoscopy March 2016.  Had an endometrioma on left ovary as well as \u201cendometriosis everywhere\u201d.  Opted for Mirena IUD to control, but had it removed one year later due to side effects being greater than the pain.\nMy question is, at what point do I request another surgery?  The pain is quickly becoming severe (wakes me up in the middle of the night, taking too much ibuprofen to control the pain\u2026.up to 4000mg a day) but after two ultrasounds, the visual evidence does not support another surgery.  The pain only occurs during my cycle, but it is circling back to point that I have to schedule around it.\nI have tried the pill in the past, but I do not do well on it, to say the least.  And my \u201cdoctor\u201d (NP) tells me that if I do not take hormonal assistance, there is nothing else to be done", "title": "I was diagnosed with endometriosis via laparoscopy?"}
{"text": "I have had a constant headache for about 2 weeks now. This morning I stood up with a huge headache, cant even handle the pain anymore. I ate a piece of chocolate cake (Which I Love) I felt nausea since now. Yesterday my breasts were so sore I could not even wear a tight shirt. Been having tummy aches now and then, but nothing serious since now. Also I have very bad backache, but it could be a result of my chair I sit on at work, not quite sure what the reason is for it.Can someone please advise on what I can do to get rid of this bad aches and this nausea.THANK YOU", "title": "How to get rid of a bad headache and nausea?"}
{"text": "My Wife totally Removed  thyroid 2 years ago and she used to take Eltroxin tablets 150/day and 100/day\neverything was going ok and TSH tests was normal ranges\ntill last Month we made TSH test and results was H 6.19 she Decided to increase Eltroxin  to 200/day and 150/day ( because she knows that Eltroxin  tablets Is inversely proportional to TSH )\nso she want to low down TSH level \u2026\u2026.(after 1 month with dusage 200 and 150 )\nwe made TSH test results L 0.01 ) and she got sick,Fast heartbeat,sweating and fatigue .\nshe came back to take only 1(100 Eltroxin /day )", "title": "My Wife totally Removed  thyroid 2 years ago"}
{"text": "Hi I have scoliosis on the lower part of my spine. The curve bends to the left and is around a 32-37 degree curve. My left leg is about .5 inches shorter than the other. I am 21 years old and was wondering if I could do squats and deadlifts as part of my exercise routine if i have a balance correction insert in my shoe", "title": "I have scoliosis on the lower part of my spine?"}
{"text": "Hi, for the last couple of months i have this feeling of constant pressure in \u201cglabella region\u201d, its not painful just the feeling of constant pressure, at times i get this odd sensation of feeling high. On two seperate occassions i felt my vision go black for a fraction of seconds like i am going to passout. I am worried it might be a tumor, can you please advice on what types of test should i get done just to be one the safe side.\n(Thank you", "title": "I have this feeling of constant pressure in \u201cglabella region\u201d ?"}
{"text": "So I recently moved to Texas, and as the saying goes \u201cEverything is bigger in Texas,\u201d including spiders. I moved into a house in Kyle in a development that is kind of in the country. I am terrified of spiders, especially the brown recluse, given all the horror stories about their bite and biting people in their sleep. Wolf spiders are a problem in this house, and yesterday, I killed the biggest spider I have ever seen in my life (not sure what it was, but it was terrifying!) in the garage. Prior to all of this, I sprayed the perimeter of the house twice with Ortho Home Defense, and my bedroom at least 5, if not 6 times. (Not all in the same day, but over the coarse of several days). While spraying the small, carpeted room, I had the door closed and no windows open because I didn\u2019t want to let spiders in. I didn\u2019t even give it any thought that I may be breathing it in because my anxiety completely took over. I slept in there for a week then I went on vacation for 3 weeks. When I came back, there were at least 4 or 5 dead little spiders on the carpet. I feel safe that the poison is doing it\u2019s job at killing at least the small spiders, but now I am freaking out that I may have given myself cancer or the risk of cancer because I sprayed so much and didn\u2019t ventilate the room properly, even though I left after spraying. I am a healthy (as far as I know), active 31 year old female. Should I be concerned or how concerned should I be? And is it still safe to sleep in the room because even though I feel a little more protected from the spiders, I\u2019m afraid of breathing in the poison anymore. What should I do? Thank you so much for your help", "title": "Is spider spray dangerous for my health?"}
{"text": "Hello  for a couple of months now my fingertips have been feeling numb, at first i thought it might be diabetes type 2 , but i had myself tested and it was negative for diabetes 2 and everything on my test was fine.I did some research and think i might have sensory neuropathy, my general pediatrician recommended injection but when i researched i read that it is just for pain. My question is would the injections stop the numbness too? and is there anything i can do for temporary relieve  before i see a specialist? Thank yo", "title": "Do I have diabetes type 2 or sensory neuropoathy?"}
{"text": "hi Doc. Since May 10, 2017, I\u2019ve started working on a night shift, sitting all the day long, from 8-5. I don\u2019t smoke nor drink. I also sleep at least 8 hrs a day. My friends keep on telling me my kind of work could give me several health complications. They say that the body repairs itself (including the vital organs) during the wee hours of the day and I\u2019m supposed to be resting during those hours, and not working. Is there any truth to this? What should I do to keep myself healthy while working on a night shift", "title": "Is working the Night Shift bad for your health?"}
{"text": "I am a 21 year old male. I received a urethra swab test suddenly by the doctor who i went to see today in an effort detect stds and it was not pleasant at all. It has been 8 hours since then and now I am having slight burning sensation in my penis and am undergoing mental turmoil since the procedure. I have been lying down in an awkward position for 6 hours. Are my fears exaggerated? Will it heal? I appreciate your help i am in a lot of mental and emotional distress and have no one to talk to.  Thank youSide note: I have anxiety disorder for which i was under antidepressant treatment (seroxat/paxil) which i have recently discontinued through tapering measures. Also, this might not be too relevant of my biggest phobia for many years (medical tampering of urethra", "title": "I received a urethra swab test it was not pleasant at all?"}
{"text": "So about 12 days ago, at night, both of my feet and ankles swelled up really bad and were very painful, also red. It was mostly gone the next morning but later that night it happened again only significantly worse, to the point where I could barely walk. The next few days it was seemingly on the mend and was going good until 2 nights ago now but only the top of the left foot now this time. It feels like I broke it pretty much but I haven\u2019t had any injuries as to where that would happen\u2026.I guess I\u2019m just wondering if anyone knows what this is\u2026..?? Please hel", "title": "Both of my feet and ankles swelled up really bad and were very painful, also red?"}
{"text": "My sister in law aged 80 has diabetes but refuses medication. Recently her lower legs and feet look as if she has vascular bleeding. What advice can you offer. She stopped her diabetes and BP medication stating that the tablets were poison and that she was better off without them. I fear for her health", "title": "80 year old may have vascular bleeding?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 21/ F. Currently experiencing irregular heartbeat, fatigue, dizziness\u2013some slightly blurring of vision.\nSometimes nauseous \u2013 which is made worse in the mornings (I once threw up one morning, not too long ago).\nI am also feeling as though I have lost some weight \u2013 and am worried about this current condition.  \u2013 was wondering what it could be? Thank you, (\u2026", "title": "I\u2019m currently experiencing irregular heartbeat, fatigue, dizziness-some slightly blurring of vision, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi .\nI m 42+ lady ,having problem with low hemoglobin(8) and my platelet count is high(715.000)\nmy other report are\nHCT-26.80%\nMCV-65.20FL\nMCH-19.5PG\nMCHC-29.9G/DL\nRDW-CV-18.3%\nESR-53MM IN1ST HOUR\nPLS ADVICE ME HOW I REDUCE MY PLATELET", "title": "I am having problems with low hemoglobin and my platelet count?"}
{"text": "I have had chronic pain at the left hand bottom side of my back for five years now.doctors said its a muscle spasm. I have been to physio  but pain is still with me. Sometimes when i walk the spasm will paralyse me. I have tears in my eyes and then i have to sit down. I had x ray and it shows arthritis at bottom of spine plus top of spine. What next for me please", "title": "I had x ray and it shows arthritis at bottom of spine?"}
{"text": "For almost one month now I have been dealing with stomach problems. It started when I was away on holidays. My travelling companion fell ill for 2 days with a stomach bug (presumably) and felt okay. She got sick once, rested in bed and was okay soon after. I fell ill approximately 2 days after her. Symptoms of nausea, fever, light-headedness \u2013 however I did not get sick. The symptoms improved over time, but I still find that I have not completely recovered. I don\u2019t have much of an appetite, I feel a type of bulge or tightness is my throat/oesophagus and I am unable to eat large amounts. I would describe my symptoms similar to acid reflux, but I don\u2019t feel that burning sensation. I went to see a doctor one week after being ill while I was still on my holidays. He diagnosed it as a stomach virus. I have a family history of gallstones and h pylori infections. I have been putting off going for a second appointment as I feel my symptoms aren\u2019t that severe, plus I feel as though I am anxious about the whole situation and that could be making my symptoms worse than they actually are. Could you recommend what course of action I should take? Is a second appointment justified, or is it likely a lingering stomach virus? Is there a need for urgency? Thanking you in advance,(\u2026", "title": "For almost one month now I have been dealing with stomach problems?"}
{"text": "Hello,my son is having this rash coming on his skin which looks like a heat rash but I don\u2019t think it\u2019s is anymore because I have try lotion and Vaseline but nothing is helping which is making me worry about him. Please I need a second opinion before going to the hospital", "title": "My son is having this rash coming on his skin which looks like a heat rash?"}
{"text": "i am 50 years old.female.i have back pain since 32 years.have tried all possible treatments.now since 3 years my pain is continuous leading to disability limited to only 10 minutes maximum walking .my hole back and hips are rigid.cannot proceed with any normal daily life activity", "title": "I have back pain since 32 years.have tried all possible treatments.now since 3 years my pain is continuous?"}
{"text": "Cholesterol . Is 214 mg/dL\nHdL 34 mg/dL\nTriglicirides 213 mg/ dLWhat food to avoid\nWhat food to helpThank yo", "title": "Cholesterol, HDL and Triglycerides, what food to eat?"}
{"text": "I get burning, excruciating pain, blurred vision in one eye. Just the one. It can happen after just 5-15 minutes of using my computer. After that even the slightest things cause a lot of pain, overhead LED lights, phone with anti glare, TV etc. However, if I avoid computers and everything for a month or two and really reduce usage, I can watch TV for hours without hurting my eyes a lot, and just live normally. After the computer usage, it gets bad. I\u2019ve used computers and devices for years, a LOT. Never felt like this before. This burning feels different from the ordinary eye strain burning. I do follow the rule of looking away from the screen after a bit, at a distance.\nI read about CVS, and wonder if that is what I have.  I was surprised to discover 90% of computer users get this.  90% computer users have to sit in the dark, use text to speech and generally protect their eyes from usage? I went through months of using apps for the blind. Sit around with a makeshift eye patch. It was excruciatingly painful. I would be in so much pain I couldn\u2019t even glance at my phone for a second to write or read a text. Even if I hadn\u2019t really used anything beyond a few seconds for days.\nMy question is, do I have CVS or is it something different? My eyes do NOT get red. They LOOK fine. My doctor  gave me some tablets and some regular eye drops for a month. After a month of almost completely avoiding light, eye felt less pain. When I asked the cause, he said \u201cwho knows?\u201d and gave me some eye drops to take when I\u2019m in pain. Those don\u2019t do much and they also state that using too much can cause cornea to get thinner.Once I use a computer, everything starts triggering or aggravating pain\u2026even when they didn\u2019t before. Is this CVS? What can I do about it? He made it sound like I have to live with this and just take drops when it gets bad. I respect him a lot, I just want more answers. Also, if a different kind of computer screen would alleviate it, what should I be looking for", "title": "I get burning, excruciating pain, blurred vision when using computer?"}
{"text": "Hello, I went to a gastro to talk about gallstones, he said I have fatty liver (nafld) and ran bloodwork.  Everything ok, EXCEPT:\n positive ANA speckled 1:80\nF-ACTIN IgG 22.5\nSMOOTH MUSCLE IgG TITER: 1:20\nhe sent me back to my primary, who sent me to rheumatologist, who said it was not autoimmune, and of no concern to him, he sent me back to gastro.  Redid ASMA and it came back Weak Positive at \u201c20\u201d.  Is what they told me.  Now, nothing, he does not seem concerned.  I have googled all this, and it shows hepatitis, autoimmune hepatitis, and horrible diseases.  I am at a loss and do not know what to do.  I know my Hepatitis came back all non reactive, and I donate blood every year.  I am so confused.  Thank you for any insigh", "title": "I may have autoimmune hepatitis, please advise, need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello,  I have a question: How accurate is the ultrasound concerning determination of gestational age and the date of conception? I had my LMP on 01.12.16, cycles 26-29 days (usually 27-28). The first ultrasound showed GA 7.4 hbd (CRL 13.2 mm) and the gestation age coincided with the LMP date, fertilization around 14 XII, which matches perfectly \u2013 unprotected ratio 14.XII. However, all subsequent ultrasounds shows that the pregnancy is 2-3 days older. USG 11.4 according to LMP => CRL 52.5 = 12 week, USG 13.1 hbd according to LMP, CRL 74 = 13.4 hbd. Another 14.4 according to LMP according to BPD (28.2), HC (105) and AC (87) = 15 hbd. At the last USG 18.6 according to LMP => FL (2.95) 19.1 hbd. The ultrasound at 24 weeks \u2013  terms according to Ultrasound and LMP are equal. Does that mean I got pregnant earlier, had a previous ovulation? 09/12/16 I was at a party, I drank too much and I do not remember how I got home. By these results I began to fear that maybe something happened to me and I do not realize it and I do not even know who the father is. I am already in 8 months and the stress of this situation becomes unbearable. Of course I\u2019m going to do DNA testing after birth but until then I would like to know the expert\u2019s opinion. In fact, if I had an ovulation on 14 day of my menstrual cycle the GA according to Ultrasound and LMP must match ideally? (In the previous cycle I think my ovulation was on the day 13 but this cycle was quite long \u2013 30 days). I also did Beta Hcg examination: 4 + 1 (according to LMP) 158; 5 + 1 (according to LMP) 3299. Thanks in advance for help, this is very important to m", "title": "How accurate are ultrasounds to determine gestational age?"}
{"text": "I have an 8 year old son. He was a 6 week prem baby. For the last 12 months he has had an on going cough and chest infections. He also gets high temp\u2019s, around 38-40c. He had a ct scan the other week without\nIV solution. The doctors can\u2019t seem to understand or come up with a reason for the on going illness. As you can imagine, it is becoming frustrating for him and for us. We have taken him to peads and specialists at the royal children\u2019s hospital. They have been talking about doing a broncoscapy. I don\u2019t really want this to happen. I don\u2019t like having children going under. The ct test came back as the following.\nLungs are symmetrically and normal inflated.\nNo collapse or consolidation. No air space infiltrate. No bronchiectasis and the bronchi are not large than the accompanying vessels.\nNo evidence of interstitial lung disease.\nNo discrete pulmonary nodules or lung masses.\nNo endotracheal or endobronchial lesions.\nNo pleural or pericardial effusions.There are however two calcifications seen in the right hilar region.\npossibly reflecting calciification in some lymph nodes. No obvious lymphadenopathy however.\nThymic tissue noted in the superior mediastinum as expected for a child of this age.\nNormal appearance of the osseous thorax.\nConclusion\nSubtle calcification in the right hilar may relate to some calcification in the lymph nodes.\nNo  obvious lymphadenopathy identified however.\nLung parenchyma is unremarkable. No bronchiectasis.The doctors don\u2019t seem to understand what they mean by the calcification, they cant work out the report.\n No one can give us a proper answer. My poor boy is sick and tired of this going on. It\u2019s like he\u2019s sick for weeks then it goes dorment and then comes back again. He just cant shake it.\nHe has had Azithromycin 200mg daily 5 days and amoxil 500mg tds  6 days.\nThese seem to help for a short period.\nHe had bloods done as well.\nThe main thing was low iron, if required I can supply the report for this.\nCan someone please help.\nRegards\nDesperate dad Please help with this for my son\u2019s sake", "title": "I have an 8 year old son with calcification and health issues, please advise?"}
{"text": "what can trigger chills and shakes in the morning for a 70 year old woman in decent health?\n I have lower back pain and am scheduled for a Rhizotomy. Does not have a fever. Have never had the shakes like this in my life. Am stumpe", "title": "I have chills and shakes in the morning, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi!! I have impetigo and I took my first antibiotic to treat it 4 hours ago. I\u2019m taking doxycycline for it. Will anything happen to me if I drink alcohol just for this night? I\u2019m not a frequent drinker at al", "title": "I have impetigo can I drink alcohol?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nI had an acl and meniscal repair in my right knee back in 2013\nI had completed all my rehabilitation program. And I\u2019ve been involved in normal sports like running and basketball again.\nOnly yesterday, I have been having pain on the anteromedial side above the scar tissue where the surgery was. It happened after I was walking for exercise", "title": "I had an Anterior Cruciate Ligament (ACL) and meniscal repair in my right knee back in 2013, relapse?"}
{"text": "I have come off the Depo contraceptive injection in march and i have been perfectly fine, yet still no periods. Recently i\u2019ve become extremely emotional over the slightest thing, Ive noticed my breasts are sore to touch and have become bigger, I have put on abit of weight also. are these normal symptoms when coming off this?I was on the injection for 5 year", "title": "I have come off the Depo-Provera contraceptive injection in march and I have many secondary effects, is this normal?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism 2 and a half years ago and have been taking methamazole, at a recent Dr visit i was told i have hypothyroidism and was put on Levothyroxin. my question is was i misdiagnosed or could my thyroid have changed in that 2 and a half years", "title": "I was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism 2 and a half years ago?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m a 31 year old male with an un-diagnosed issue for  7 years.I suffer with weakness in my left leg since a knee injury 7 years ago. My knee is now completely fine but my gluten muscles (through the buttock) are always very tight and it causes me tight hamstrings and even foot pressure.\n  When I\u2019m walking around I can feel the lack of muscle strength in my leg, it feels like it\u2019s dropping and collapsing downwards causing me to limp around most days.  Even gentle activity such as walking or going upstairs can be challenging. My leg will tremble when squatting or bending down.  I\u2019ve had treatment from Chiropractors and Physiotherapists but it doesn\u2019t solve the problem.Back in 2011 I saw a Neurologist who said he \u201cdidn\u2019t know anything about leg weakness, it\u2019s not his area\u201d and had no idea what was going on but did send me for an MRI scan, he told me to see a Podiatrist as it could be something to do with the foot.  The MRI scan came back normal and the Podiatrist said these symptoms are Neurological and I shouldn\u2019t have been taken off the Doctors list. In 2015 My Doctor referred me to a Orthopedic specialist who deals with back problems, so I thought this was good progress .  Within 5 months I was told I can\u2019t go to the specialist and talk to him and was taken off the waiting list by the health service.  This is because the spine MRI scans have come back normal.  Apparently there\u2019s no pathology on the scans , so a specialist won\u2019t be able to give any \u201c\u201canswers\u201d.   Chiropractors/Physiotherapy have told me they are certain the problem is starting from the lumber area of my back, possible L2 L3\u2026?\nI have to mention that it doesn\u2019t seem to be Sciatica, nobody finds any real pressure causing a Sciatica problem. I\u2019m being told it\u2019s more pressure on a nerve somewhere else.Within 7 years I\u2019ve now seen Physiotherapists, 2 Chiropractors, and a Podiatrist .I have quite a lot of soft tissue massage that relieves symptoms for a while, however the problem still remains.\nI would love to know what could be causing the symptoms.  How can it be so difficult for Doctors to diagnose? Are there any more tests that could find out what\u2019s going on?  I recently had to push a luggage trolley and it\u2019s aggravated the whole condition so I\u2019m now experiencing more discomfort. I would appreciate your opinion and any advice you can give me", "title": "I suffer with weakness in my left leg since a knee injury 7 years ago."}
{"text": "Am I able to have marijuana edibles (brownies) while I am on methotrexate for my psoriasis? Will it effect my liver in the same way as alcohol", "title": "Am I able to have marijuana edibles (brownies) while I am on methotrexate for my psoriasis?"}
{"text": "My daughter has a bite mark or rash on leg, is it dangerous?Bit Mark on daughter leg or I don\u2019t know what is it. Maybe u could tell me what it is and if she need medical attentio", "title": "My daughter has a bite mark or rash on leg, is it dangerous?"}
{"text": "For almost 3 weeks now, part of my spine hurts when I press on it. Around the area of pain feels like knots. I would breathe in around that area where my ribs are it would feel like tightness & when I would try touching shoulder blades it would feel like it\u2019s pinching. Last year I went to PT for my muscles in back causing spine movement in my lower back", "title": "My spine hurts when I press on it, please advise?"}
{"text": "47, Male-\nWent in for vasectomy, during procedure;\nRight testicle went perfect & painless.\nLeft testicle procedure was extremely painful.\nAfterward left side was very bloody & Left testicle is very swollen.\nWent back in 4 days later; Dr says- no infection- most likely a hematoma but will clear up in time.\nWhy was my procedure so painful?\nShould get ultrasound", "title": "Had a vasectomy done, very painful, was it done properly?"}
{"text": "I have history of diverticulitis cyst on my ovaries and c diff I have been having horrible abdominal pain on my left side all the way to my back nausea diarrhea vomiting also dizzy and chills I was on cipro and flagyl but every time I take them orally I get sick so I don\u2019t know if I\u2019m holding down any meds\nBacterium tesslon pearls parpanol morphine and terrabol I have tramadol for pain and zofran for nausea and keflex\n have asthma severe anxiety depression ptsd and schizophrenia history of c diff diverticulitis and ovarian cys", "title": "I have history of diverticulitis cyst on my ovaries and c diff, please advise?"}
{"text": "I had a treadmill stress test the other day and my heart rate went up to 130+ in 90 seconds.  They stopped the test.  I was very short of breath during the test because I was in Afib.  They also took a ECG.  The doctor on call later said not enough blood was getting to my heart.  My question is would the Afib cause that", "title": "I had a treadmill stress test the other day and my heart rate went up to 130+?"}
{"text": "It is possible to get  stretch marks on the face right !? From gaining and losing weight extremely frequent. What kind of cream or treatment\u2026would you recommend for stretch marks on the face!?!?!?! HELP", "title": "I have facial stretch marks, what cream or treatment do you recommend?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having a very odd migraine today full of countless new symptoms.\nHeadache on left front side with a crazy visual aura, took zomig, hour later took ibuprofen 600, albuterol sulfate and Ritalin. Cold and hot feeling across skin, mostly on right side, nausea, joint pain, burning pain in abdomen and chest, dizzy, tired and short of breath. Migrating sharp pains across body. Ringing ears. Vision is unnaturally blurry. Chest and stomach symptoms worsen when laying down, head symptoms worsen when standing up. Symptoms quickly come and go except for vision, coldness, nausea and burning, which are constant. Zomig tasted so bad as it eventually dripped my neck that I hacked a few times and a little blood came up. I have asthma, adhd, insomnia and depression. Two months ago I experienced an overdose on excedrin, clonidine and benadryl and recovered. At the time, I was informed of a potential heart murmur. Lymph nodes have been tender and large for years but one has become hard in the last month. I occasionally have moments where I loose a couple seconds and get startled. I get random, painless muscle spasms quite regularly.  I normally have lower blood pressure floating around 120/55. I take lexapro at 10 mg, claritin 24 hour, folonase, concerta( just moved from 27 mg to 36 mg). Just added seroquel at 25 mg and ritalin in the afternoons. I was prescribed albuterol sulfate, ibuprofen 600 mg and zomig nasal as needed.\nCold spells arent new and randomly come and go, normally lasting several hours and spreading along right side from face down. Feet and hands are normally cold, sometimes blotchy purple.\nTwo weeks ago I had a clean MRI without contrast.\nI do not drink, use drugs or smoke.\nMy appetite has been haywire lately and over a week I lost 16 pounds. Accidentally binging this week when the concerta wears off has gotten me half way back up to old weight", "title": "I have had a very odd migraine?"}
{"text": "My son is 11 years old. Very intelligent and confident. He\u2019s been valedictorian since 1st grade. His problem is he constantly tilts his head to the side especially after eating. If he keeps his head straight he says he gets cramps in his stomach and won\u2019t go away unless he tilts his head", "title": "My son constantly tilts his head to the side and gets stomach cramps?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been dealing with this problem since March. I had pain in my left testicle and lower lumbar as well as my abdomen and lower abdomen right above my groin. The pain sometimes would radiate into my leg or legs and I\u2019ve had to buy bigger pants in just the last month. I was diagnosed with bacterial epididymitis cause by enterococcus faecalis testing positive on 4 unine tests for it. Was put on Cipro for 7 days. I felt great on it. Towards the last day i felt NORMAL again. Then 48 hours after my last dose it all came back. My last two unrine tests have been negative but my pain has now changed and unfortunately for the worse. I still have pain in my left testicle. Lumbar pain and frequent upper flank on the back pain below my ribs. The abdominal pain is now worse and i constantly feel bloated. Theres a burning sensation now in the abdomen, penis and when i urinate which i did not feel before. Also pain in the perenium and feeling like i have to make a bowel movement. Now i also get a burning sensation in my legs and abdomen and headaches are frequent. I havent had sex in over 3 years and my blood tests have come back negative for any stds. In fact almost all my results were good except low b12 and slightly higher than normal triglycerides which i was told some mild exercise would help. Ct scan (non contrast) reveals no abnormalities in my kidneys or any of my abdominal organs. However the ct was not done in the groin region. My urologist says it cant be my prostate but has no clue how i got a enterococcus faecalis infection. Im only 32 years old and this is ruining my life. I cant sit at my desk at a brand new job for the time i need to be. Im urinaring more frequently than before and always feel like i have to poop. I dont want to eat because that aggrivates the bloating feeling. And ive already taken a lot of days off to go to doctors and waiting for weekend only appointments is slow. I cant afford a hospital visit to just sit there and run a battery of other tests that i keep waiting 1 and 2 weeks for and then need to wait a week to go get my results. If its not prostititis then what could it be? And ive already done cipro so now if its a deeper infection ive already exposed it to cipro. Im scheduled for q cystoscopy but im worried my urologist isnt even going to check my prostate and says i should be fine but i am far from it", "title": "I was diagnosed with bacterial epididymitis cause by enterococcus faecalis?"}
{"text": "Please find the attachment for my brother case , he did thyroidectomy two weeks ago.\nPlease kindly let me know\n1- His pathology report and how is ( cauterized, they mention in the hospital it is capsulized ) would impact his chance for treatment\n2- what is the possible treatment ?\n3-What are the chances that his cancer will recur?\n4- What is the chance of distance Metastasis?\n5- is he Low risk cancer or high risk cancer?\n6- what the next step RAI doasge 30 with WBS or only ultra sound on the neck with blood test?\nThanks in advance and best regard", "title": "Brother had thyroidectomy, please advise?"}
{"text": "I notice the patch looking rash about 7month ago and now its back and it stay on for 2 month now Age: 29 Femal", "title": "I have this rash for some time now, please advise?"}
{"text": "These bumps have been in the back of my throat for about a month. They aren\u2019t painful. Is this something I should be worried about. I went to my Dr about them and he didn\u2019t seem concerned. Just looking for a second opinion", "title": "These bumps have been in the back of my throat for about a month?"}
{"text": "It seems i\u2019m having issues with my bladder! I have always been one for regularity in going to the toilet especially when drinking it becomes more regular in fact every 5 minutes, however over the past 2 years when out on the town i\u2019m still wanting to go to the toilet but only urinating small amounts, and when i go to sleep i\u2019m up regularly having the same symptoms of still urinating in small amounts.I went to my local Dr. and had a prostate examination and that was confirmed as clear, so i need to know what could be causing this issue.Age:54 Mal", "title": "I\u2019m having issues with my bladder, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hello, I recently got my hormone levels tested (female) and all the other levels were within normal range apart from SHBG which was above range at 187 nmol/l. I have no idea how harmful or dangerous that is \u2013 my gp just reported my results as \u2018normal\u2019 (eventhough the maximum level for SHBG is 144 nmol/l?). I have a history of eating disorder and read that could contribute to SHBG level. Is my SHBG level dangerous and how can I lower it", "title": "I recently got my hormone levels tested, my SHBG is above range?"}
{"text": "I am currently on the Depo and have had a termination at the start of the year I am currently in the middle of my second dose of the Depo and I began light bleeding had a few small clots and brownish blood this had been occurring constantly for the past 3 weeks, the clots have stopped but it would go light bright red bleeding, brown blood back to red and keeps working in a cycle like that", "title": "I am currently on the Depo (Depo-Provera), had a termination, please advise?"}
{"text": "My dad who is 55 had Coloanal Anastomosis with protectomy procedure 4 weeks back due to the malignant differential adenocarcinoma in lower 1/3rd rectum. It was not invasive and PET scan was clear for any other area.Since the surgery, he has become very weak and not feel like eating anything. He has type-2 diabeties as well since  last 3 years.\nHe has temporary illestomy as rectum and a part of colon has been removed, which the Surgeon said will be removed after 6-8 weeks or later depending on healing.I am not sure  if this much weakness is OK?Also, along with the Ostomy bag on his right side, there are two holes in the left, one for catheter and another for mucus drain. 2 days back they have removed mucus drain but we see mucus leaking from that. I am not sure if that is normal or not.As per surgeon, his wound is healing well and he should be moving around but its very difficult for him to move more than 10 mins.Do we need to have another PET in few weeks to understand if we need Radiotherapy or Chemo", "title": "Had a Coloanal Anastomosis with protectomy procedure, need another PET scan?"}
{"text": "47 year old male going thru a divorce and I have genital warts had them the whole marriage wife doesn\u2019t have a clue should I tell her before she starts having sex with another man do you think she carries the virus she was my only partner for 24 year", "title": "Should I tell my wife I have genital warts, does she have the virus?"}
{"text": "My haemoglobin ia 11.5 which is a little below the range and my Rbc count is just a little below boderline (4.43). My MCV is 75.8 which is low too and my MCH is 26 is which is just a little bit low. MCHC is 34.2 which is good. RDW is 16.1. I dont know if that is good or bad. My Hbf os 0.4 and Hb A2 is 2.7. My blood picture shows microcytic erythrocytes with anisopoikilocytosis; elliptocytes. I want to know why blood test did not work for my thalassaemia screening? And why do i need to do DNA screening. Age:21 Femal", "title": "My blood test show microcytic erythrocytes with anisopoikilocytosis; elliptocytes, now need a DNA test?"}
{"text": "Hello l was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2015 and treatment included a right hemicolectomy and chemotherapy for 6 months (carbonating and elodea). Unfortunately on the 2nd June l have been diagnosed with an Unknown primary tumour. I have had CT guided biopsies of nodes at the para aortic arch and USB, CT and PET which all are negative. L have recently commenced Carboplatin and gemsitabin and have become so neutropenic on the first cycle. My remaining bloods are normal except C19.9 (785). I would appreciate your input especially to wondering why l remain neutropenic and the other counts are within normL limits. The neutrophils decreased from 1.2 to 0.6.                 Many thanks for your inpu", "title": "Why am I neutropenic while other blood counts are normal?"}
{"text": "Hi, i am a recovering alcoholic and am 8 days alcohol free. Over the last 3 days i have been constantly bloated in the upper abdomen which is visible and also occasionally a slight sharp pain in the centre lower chest, just where the chest finishes. I am still eating normally and bowel movements are fine. My question is are these symptoms a part of alcohol withdrawal? My pulse is 68bpm. My medications are : campral 333mg 2 Tablets 3 times a day, Naltrexone 50mg Daily and Thiamine 100mg Daily. I\u2019m a 40 year old male and weigh 90kgs and am 178cm tall. Thank Yo", "title": "I am a recovering alcoholic and am 8 days alcohol free, upper abdomen bloated?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am asking about something that happened awhile back and I think I had a miscarriage. This happened back when I was a teen and it\u2019s really bothering me now and need clarification. Back then I did have unprotected sex and he did not pull out, I missed 2 periods and assumed I was pregnant but I did not take a test to confirm. Then one day I was awoken by a sharp pain followed by a lot of blood just dripping out and puddling onto the floor,  when I went to the bathroom I noticed a firm little greyish and kind of skinned-toned mass that seemed like a little \u201cball\u201d for lack of a better description. That was unlike any clot I had ever seen before and have never seen anything like that again. I wish I had gone to the doctor to confirm, but since I did not, does this seem like it could have been a miscarriage or just a very odd cycle ? Age: 2", "title": "I may have had a miscarriage, please advise?"}
{"text": "IF i thought a girl gave me hiv/aids 17 years ago and have been lied to by doctors, what would show up on my blood work to show i had something like that. Would i be very sick after 17 years", "title": "Would HIV AIDS show up in blood tests 17 years after?"}
{"text": "I have taken TCA cross treatment and now today is the 2nd day after the treatment and some small black scab have covered the area where treatment performed\u2026plz help me i\u2019m in stress now before no black scab was there but plz tell me when i\u2019ll get my clear white skin back \u2026how many days it will take to fall scabs? help m", "title": "I have taken TCA cross treatment, now have a black scab on treatment area?"}
{"text": "Hello. I\u2019m worried that this mole could be skin cancer??? My dad is the one that has this. He says that when he pushes down on it, it feels like a nail going through. I\u2019m also not sure if the mole has gotten bigger over the years. This mole, however, is hard & doesn\u2019t feel fleshy at all. Please send me your opinion on this mole. Thank you", "title": "I\u2019m worried that this mole could be skin cancer?"}
{"text": "I am suffering with a LOT of lower back pain spreading across where my kidneys are also sciatica pain in right leg, pain spasms in spine feels like a pinched nerve, also when I go to the toilet to open bowels I am bleeding around 2 cups of blood at least. There is no pain from the bleeding no rectal pain like from piles, just lots of fresh blood.\nI am diabetic, taking 2000mg Metformin, 320mg Glicazide, Lisinopril 5mg, Asprin 75mg, Atorvistatin 20mg, Fenofibrate 200mg, Omeprazole 20mg, Sertraline 150mg, Gabapentin 1200mg. Per day.\nwhat can i do about the pain", "title": "I am suffering from lower back pain and loss of blood."}
{"text": "Single Umbilical Artery observed in 22nd Wk L2 Pregnency Ultrasound. All other Parameters are observed fine related to Growth of Fetal. Want to know how to deal with this. Can we go for Amniocentesis or Chromosome Study as Low Lying Placenta with 15 cm distance? Confused. Please help\u2026", "title": "I am 22 weeks pregnant, ultrasound shows Single Umbilical Artery, please help?"}
{"text": "Sir/Madam I am  (\u2026)21 years old from India .  I had an unprotected sex  with my gf on  19th day of her  period( counting from first day of period), but I didn\u2019t ejaculate in her vagina (\u2026) and now her period is yet to come it\u2019s three  days delayed already.  What should I do, she is also 21 years old ,  in case of any pregnancy are abortion tablets (like Mifepristone and misoprostol) safe for her future", "title": "I am pregnant need to know if abortion tablets are safe?"}
{"text": "When I lie down I feel anxiety, chills come and go every several seconds, light headed, hot and sweaty, flushed face. These symptoms occurred for the first time a couple of mornings ago and then not again until now", "title": "When I lie down I feel anxiety and chills?"}
{"text": "Hello, I have just received my blood report for Arthritis profile, and my SGPT, ESR AND CRP have come high, suggesting high inflammation. However my RF Factor is in range. Doctors after initial inspection have not ruled out synovitis, Arthritis (RA or OA). Physical symptoms i am having as of today is 1) General Pain and Acute pain while movement of Thumb and neighboring finger, at the bottom of thumb where it meets hand 2) walking difficulty in left leg ankle, can\u2019t run for sure, limp sometimes, on a day with too much standing or excursion, the ankle area swells a bit as well. Dont know really whats going on with me. Also I have no injuries or accident in past or present. Also, I feel very lazy, weak, and sometimes feel really cramped in the evenings and early morning. My concentration at work is also going down. Please help", "title": "Doctors after initial inspection have not ruled out Synovitis, Arthritis (RA or OA), need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi Dr\u2026I don\u2019t have asthma..but whenever I drink a very cold/chilled beverage or even sit in air conditioner, I suddenly feel extreme shortness of breath, dizziness, vertigo,sharp heaviness in skull, neck, anxiety and panic. Now, this continues for many hours and feels like i will surely pass out or even die. I have seen doctors for heart valves issues but he said its fine. I have tried inhalers and beta-blockers, EFT tapping, drink hot liquids etc but there is no benefit. I once had attack in plane and it was horrible. My lungs test was absolutely fine. I am very puzzled. Im around 30 yr old man with no major illness. If possible, could you please suggest something. thanks.", "title": "I suddenly feel extreme shortness of breath, dizziness, vertigo,sharp heaviness in skull, neck, anxiety and panic?"}
{"text": "7 years ago my husband had a left side pneumonectomy for non-small-cell lung cancer.\nYesterday the doctor told us that his latest CT scan shows a nodule in the right/remaining lung.\nWhat percent chance is it, that the nodule is NOT cancerous?\nIf it is \u2013 will this be treated as a recurrence or as a new cancer?\nHow will this be treated?  Will chemo therapy be effective", "title": "My husband has a non-small-cell lung cancer nodule  in right/remaining lung?"}
{"text": "I am 20 and I have bloated abdomen feeling for months especially at night, and if i cant pass out the gas it will cause pain in my upper abdomen (in epigastric). usually the next morning I\u2019ll have loose stool. sometimes it last for a week then I am having a normal bowel movement the next week. it seems like eating milk trigger this bloating but I\u2019m not sure myself. Whats wrong with my digestion", "title": "I am suffering from Epigastric pain\u2026what\u2019s wrong?"}
{"text": "Dear Doctors, This is (\u2026) from (\u2026). Recently i got tested by blood for plasma donation purpose. There the physicians told me that i have high IgG levels. But since one year am really healthy with out any small issues.Also i got negative for HIV and hepatitis B when i got check up in January.So am worried a bit now..high IgG levels are bad for health", "title": "I have high Immunoglobulin (IgG) levels, please advise"}
{"text": "Age:2, Gender: FemaleMy daughter is 18 months and her lymphocyte and neutrophil numbers keep being off.The first time her lymphocyte was high at 84%\nThe 2nd time it was at 75%Her neutrophil was 2.0% the first time and 18% the 2nd time.No symptoms of a virus or anything", "title": "My daughter is 18 months and her lymphocyte and neutrophil numbers keep being off?"}
{"text": "I suffer from a stage 3 cancer and cancer treatments are difficult, can medical marijuana help?I have been undergoing chemotherapy for a stage 3 breast cancer and suffering from nausea and vomiting after every treatment, I have medications prescribed by my doctor that helps. But not enough. I heard that medical marijuana can help cancer patients. Please advise.Thanks (\u2026) 42 years old living in (\u2026", "title": "I suffer from a stage 3 cancer and treatments are difficult, can medical marijuana help?"}
{"text": "Mild patellofemoral chondromalacia with minimal patella alta. I was diagnosed three years ago with that. Last year I was diagnosed with mild spondyltic and disc degenerative changes present at mutiple levels in my back. I was wondering if my knee pain is causing my back pain", "title": "Is my knee pain and back pain related?"}
{"text": "hello ,\nmy dad had pain on the right side, in hospital we did an MRI and a x scan wich showed multiple (full) spots on liver.\nhis tumor marker blood tests are very normal.\ncea, ca-19-9, psa, lipase, amylase, crp,ggt, gpt,rbc,cbc, billrubin all are normal, only the AFP level wa s little bit high ( 146) normal range is between 0-4.\na biopsy is scheduled next week because he took an aspirine pill.but we are affaid that this spots are caused by cancer.\nis it possible to have normal tumor markers and normal liver functions while having a cancer?thank", "title": "Is it possible to have normal tumor markers and normal liver functions while having a cancer?"}
{"text": "I have been experiencing sores in my mouth and lips for 10 years now. I have gone to different hospitals for test, like: Hiv,CBC,Blood sugar,Syphilis,biopsy but the doctors couldn\u2019t get the cause of it. Please what else should I do or what other test can u suggest? Am tired of it, help pleas", "title": "I have been experiencing sores in my mouth and lips for 10 years now?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had a skin infection for a month now as well as hives. First put on antibiotics but taken off after a few days and put on steroids as they believed hives were the issue and not an infection. The steroids helped the hives however the infection got worse. I\u2019m now off the steroids after 5 day course, I have infected wounds all over my legs and arms and ear lobes, they have a yellow crust and red border, they are also very itchy. One on my arm has developed a red streak coming out of it over the last couple of hours, is this a sign it\u2019s spreading? I have seen so many doctors over the past few weeks for this issue and I feel like theirs no point in going back as no one has truly helped me. Should I go back, or will this pass?  Is it even a bacterial infection", "title": "I\u2019ve had a skin infection for a month now, doctors have not been able to help?"}
{"text": "My personality has changed? I\u2019m really snappy and frustrated all the time I have numbness in my fingers and feet, my knees and hips really hurt especially behind my knee cap, I\u2019m covered in bites and I feel there is a blockage in my back passage, I feel really angry inside I want to explode!!!! I have had blood tests but nothing has showed up, I feel really teary with a sharp pain in my Breast I have loose stools and I have a lipoma on my lumber spine that\u2019s causing me a lot of pain and stiffness, if I\u2019ve been laying down for a long time my back really throbs, my hips and joint crack and click a lot too I feel like I\u2019m 90 years old. What is wrong with me? Can it be anxiety that is causing this", "title": "I have numbness in my fingers and feet \u2013 Feel angry and Frustrated"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had pain in my legs for a couple months now \u2013 much more pronounced in my right leg and even more so in my knee. During the day, it\u2019s sore but I don\u2019t really pay that much attention to it, but at night, it\u2019s a different story. As long as I keep it straight, it\u2019s tolerable. And I can sleep with it bent as well. But after being bent, when I try to straighten it out, it feels like a rubber band has contracted while bent and straightening it feels like stretching this horrible rubber band over and around my knee. I also get a significant dull ache over my right shin. My knee during the day feels \u201cfull\u201d (for lack of a better description). Doesn\u2019t appear swollen or red. My doctor writes it off as \u201costeoarthritis\u201d however he\u2019s done no testing. Does this sound like osteoarthritis to you? Again, thank you for any insight you can provide", "title": "I\u2019ve had pain in my legs for a couple months now?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m suffering from a lower back pain for a year now.even in sitting position .standing for a while or lying on bed. I made xray and it shows nothing at all .so what\u2019s the cause of the pain", "title": "I\u2019m suffering from a lower back pain for a year?"}
{"text": "Hello doc, my father, age 59 was suffering from continuous high fever and cough since 16 Jan 2016. In Feb 2016 we consulted the doctor. They refereed to a chest physician. There The doctor prescribed for some tests as well as CT thorax. In test we got to know that there a small phlural effusion in right chest. The doctor tried to pull the liquid from back with the injection bt nothing came out. He started the treatment of tuberculosis. For a few months everything was good. Bt again fever started. This time we consult the best chest physician in Lucknow. He also taken some test as well as CT scans and x rays. He too prescribed the same medicine as before i.e. Tuberculosis. There he again tried to pull the fluid from the chest with help of ultrasound machine bt nothing came out.\nToday after one and a half year the situation is same. The fever continues as well as cough. The body becomes weaker. The treatment of tuberculosis is still going on. After 6 trials of pulling out the fluid from chest the result is zero. Doctors are also confused bout the disease. Tell me what to do", "title": "My father\u2019s Tuberculosis (TB) was treated 3 times without success, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "My doctor prescribed me ciprofloxacin for a urinary tract infection because my psa was elevated without doing a urine test. I went to a urologist and he felt my prostate and said it felt normal but want me back in two months for another psa test. I\u2019ve been having pains all over and lower abdomial pain in the ground. My question is could it be after effects of cipro, Ive been off it for two weeks. Or could something more serious with my health. By the way my urologist did a urine test, came back negative for a uti", "title": "I have terrible abdominal pain\u2026is it a urinary tract infection?"}
{"text": "I have been diagnosed with PID and have been prescribed azithromycin, doxycycline, and metronidazole vaginal gel. My symptoms prior to fx were malodorous light green/yellow discharge, and itching. I am on day 4 of the doxycycline and metronidazole gel and am experiencing chunky white discharge with no odor, but unbelievable itching. I am also experiencing pretty bad nausea with the doxycycline. What should I do and do I need to see my doctor again", "title": "I have been diagnosed with (PID) Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having lower back pain, I\u2019ve been resting for 5 days and i can walk and run but i can\u201dt react quickly because then a sharp pain hits me. Ive been stretching it as well, what should i do to get rid of it as soon as possible", "title": "I have Lower back pain \u2013 what should I do?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctor\u2026i had a side crash car accident 3 months ago and i was the driver all air bags opened\u2026i started having symptoms 7 days after the crash pressure in the head difficulty moving slurred speech blurred vision headaches and nausea\u2026.on day 10 i had like a mini stroke went to ER ct scan of brain came normal and so was my MRI\u2026doctor said ut was a concussion\u2026the strike like symptoms did last for few minutes \u2026since then i am not feeling normal and i experience symptoms all the time\u2026do i have a concussion or a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) or a whiplash injury i am confused and how long do i need to recoverthank yo", "title": "I had an accident, do I have a concussion, Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) or a whiplash injury?"}
{"text": "My boyfriend is suffering really bad conjunctivitis for the past 3 days. He has got so weak and tired. His left eye is so inflamed it\u2019s really worrying me. I was told that eye-drops are a good way to get rid of it but i\u2019m not 100% sure. I think it\u2019s the bacterial one he\u2019s got because the white part around the eye is really sore and red. Please, any help would be great", "title": "Suffering really bad conjunctivitis,  inflammation of left eye?"}
{"text": "I am a 74 year old woman and I have lost the taste for food. As a result I am not eating as much and losing weight. How to enhance taste buds in geriatrics", "title": "How to enhance taste buds in geriatrics and enjoy food again?"}
{"text": "Hi, i have this red patch on my leg that appeared about 2 weeks ago, it started of small but got bigger!! I thought if might me eczema but it doesn\u2019t itch or hurt at all!! I have no idea what it is or what i should do? Its about the size of a penn", "title": "I have this red skin patch on my leg that appeared about 2 weeks ago?"}
{"text": "Last month I have not been eating well.\nNow i am feeling sweet taste and other odd tastes in my throat and mouth while breathing for 10 days, i also feel fatigue whole day. I had blood works done and here are my tests. Please advise what is wrong eith me?\nSo my blcod cvc test results \u2013 Hb 14.3%\nTLC-5300 cells/cu mm\nNeutrophils-41%\nLymphocyte-49%\nEosinophils-9%\nBasophils-00%\nTPC-1.49 lakh/ cum", "title": "I am having odd tastes in my mouth, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am trying to keep my liver enzymes in normal range for upcoming blood test. They were normal in April \u2013 AST was 32, ALT was 28, at that time I was drinking maybe 4 or 5 pints of beer on weekends. Since, I have been consuming a bit more, only on weekends (6-10 pints on weekends). My blood test is next Friday (8 days from now), and I have not had any alcohol since sunday (4 days ago). Is it likely my liver levels will rise from this? Or generally remain in the same range? I am a healthy male, 44 yrs\u2026.I am not over weight and exercise daily.\nTH", "title": "I am trying to keep my liver enzymes in normal range for upcoming blood test?"}
{"text": "I am a 23 year old female i am 5\u20196\u2033 I weigh 173 lbs my medications I am on consist of 30mg ER Cymbalta,Mitalax,Lactulose,Senkonot,and stool softeners. It started out 4 years ago when I had my daughter Via C-Section and got a E.coli blood infection with 6 blood transfusions, i am very Anemic always have been, 9 months after my infection they found a herniated disc in my L4-L5 region I had surgery to decrease the bulge to only return 4 months later after about a year of physical therapy Gabapentin, and no relief they did another MRI to find the disc bulging again so second surgery still maybe a month relief then i got on a pain management program that prescribed Morphine 30mg ER every 12hrs and 15 IR 1/2 tab every 8 hrs about two years into the program i couldn\u2019t handle the pain meds and still had no relief and sever constipation, so I\u2019ve been off for two or so years. I got the IUD in my arm and experienced frequent UTI and yeast infections and hormone imbalance was always 140lbs-145lbs so they took the IUD and referred me to a thyroid specialist and they tested my thyroid levels and said nothing was wrong with no explanation of the discharge and infections was told I have to live worth it my results as of 1/30/17 TSH 0.37 T3,TOTAL RSLT 140.6 and T4 TOTAL RSLT 7.3. I was put on the Nuvarin but stopped due to massive discharge,fatigue, severe constipation, and discomfort about a month ago i started yo gain weight now I\u2019m ip to almost 40lbs at 172lbs.. I was referred to a gastroenterologist for a possible colonoscopy after being hospitalized for blood clots in my stool but I couldn\u2019t flush my system with anything help me what\u2019s going on", "title": "I had E. coli infection now have blood clots, what\u2019s going on?"}
{"text": "Is this scabies???? I just saw a general doctor at Kaiser and that\u2019s what she diagnosed me with. I have a referral to see a dermatologist, but couldn\u2019t get in today to see a specialist. I\u2019m kind of freaking out. Please help identify the rash (located next to my underarm below my shoulder) please confirm or dis confirm", "title": "Is this scabies. I need a second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m having a second episode of a problem that 1st occurred 10 months ago.  Started with moderate/ severe pain in the groin with reduced urine flow and swelling of the    vaginally tunnel. Pain felt like squeezing in left side like something might bust. It turned excruciating with me screaming in pain. I went to ER. They referred me to gynecologist. Pain levels went up and down but never left. Doctor did all tests including exploratory with no results. I was put on doxycycline for 3 weeks. It worked. Since then I have had 5 episodes of what I thought was food poisoning. But really, 5 times, not likely. Starts with no warning, no ill feeling, no stomach pain, then diarrhea and then awhile after vomiting. For about 8 hours. Then  I\u2019m weak but fine. Currently I\u2019ve been treating myself. I started with a liquid diet for 3 days and bactrim (what I have available). Pain eased alot but now is coming back strong on left side. I can point to the small but excruciating spot. What do you think?\nAge:45 Femal", "title": "I have had 5 episodes of what I thought was food poisoning, please advise?"}
{"text": "HelloI have been having nosebleeds recently. I have had about six nose bleeding episodes in the last 7 months and in the past 5 days my nose was bleeding badly. Today it stopped but I am really worried. Thinking if it starts bleeding again I will go the ER. please tell me what can be the cause of these nosebleeds I get? thanks in advance", "title": "I suffer from nosebleeds, don\u2019t know what to do anymore?"}
{"text": "So about 3 weeks ago I was having problems sleeping, I though it was just because I was not doing anything during the day, so my energy was stored, so I did, and it worked, but now I\u2019m having the same problem, like I get so close to falling asleep, then I think of falling asleep, and wake up again, so now I kinda just think it\u2019s a mental thing.\nNo one in my family has this problem, my doc said that I was really low in vitamin D and Iron, if that helps and I have never had problems sleeping until now and it\u2019s making me want to cry and be sad, I love sleeping I don\u2019t know what to do. Please help me. I don\u2019t want to take sleeping pills as a 18 year old should not help to sleep.\nPlease help me I\u2019m desperate, just finished my period too, but I don\u2019t think I had it last time I was having this problem \u2013 I tried to be my own doctor with Google but I thought I should just ask I professional\u2026 they don\u2019t have medicare here so it\u2019s like 140 to visit a doctor.. :,( and also, I don\u2019t think insomnia just comes on ( or does it) when in my whole life I have never had problems, I just think there might be a reason, and I pray to God I want to fix it..\n(\u2026), 18, Australian, but live in Bogota, Colombia", "title": "I have problems sleeping, what is wrong?"}
{"text": "Here are my symptoms:Thirst\nPermanent fatigue\nPain in the muscles\nWeakness in focus\nWeakness in attention\nAlopecia\nPain in the chest when Sports\nDifficulty breathing (no asthma)\nDryness in the throat\nA permanent pain in the neck\nExamined the blood results are good and testing vitamin good\nI made a chest X-ray and it was cleanI visited more than 14 doctor without any benefit. Please Help", "title": "I have seen 14 doctors who say they have no solution for my situation?"}
{"text": "I have acid reflux and my dad and brother have it. When my sinuses are bad it\u2019s always worse. Well it\u2019s been bad this past week and my son had baseball games out in this heat. Water taste bad when sinuses are draining so I know I didn\u2019t drink enough water. I woke up after being a sleep for about a hour and my acid reflux was bad. Tummy was hurting and felt like needed to throw up. When I set up I started sweating bad and got light headed. I got out of bed trying to get my Meds and blacked out for a sec. fell on floor. Got right up and got some Meds used bathroom and was able to go to sleep. Reflux is bothering me still but know more than normal. I havjet got enough sleep in last few weeks ethe", "title": "I have acid reflux, I got out of bed and blacked out?"}
{"text": "On checking my blood pressure over the last 3 days I have found that i have much higher blood pressure when resting \u2013 either on going to bed or waking \u2013 150/100 to 145/95 with a pulse rate of 55 to 63. However when active during the day it varies between 135/90 to 118/74 with a pulse rate of 65 to 80. I am 66 years of age/ 6\u2032 2\u2033 tall and 15 1/2 stone.\nThis seems illogical. I am a non smoker and light drinker and have no historic illnesses.\nI have recently been referred to a cardiologist following a single episode of moderate chest pain that woke me up from sleep and lasted about 1 hour but with no other symptoms. he found no obvious reasons for the pain but arranged an echo cardiogram which showed some enlargement of the arteries in my heart(?) which he wanted to follow up in 12 months.\nI am on vacation at the moment so cannot speak to my GP with the findings. Can you advise or confirm that the readings are not unusual or require urgent investigation\nMany thanks", "title": "I have much higher blood pressure when resting\u2026is it unusual?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with PTB on RUL of my lungs last Feb and took Clarithro 500 7 days + erdosteine. But I didn\u2019t had mucus so I failed to perform sputum testing. Now on my xray it showed a lung nodule. A local pulmo ordered me to get my xray last Feb (which I have it now) and sputum test (BUT STILL I CANT PRODUCE A PHLEGM). What should I do now? Thank you.", "title": "I was diagnosed with Pulmonary tuberculosis \u2013 Lung nodule, please advise?"}
{"text": "MALE, 34,\nHi  I have had a pain in my lower left stomach for about 18 months and have had numbness in left leg, pains in left thigh, pains above left eye, and for the past couple of months my veins have been up in arms and legs mainly left arm and leg and I have had constant pitch/frequency sound in ears and bright spots in eyes, I know I should go to hospital really but have a massive social phobia and have been putting it of for so long but would just like to know your thoughts on what it could be? Thanks", "title": "I have had a pain in my lower left stomach for about 18 months and have had numbness in left leg?"}
{"text": "My daughter turned 2 recently and she is finding it extremely difficult walking by her self, however she is able to stand with support and is able to walk using objects like tables or chairs. I have taken her to a few doctors who seem baffled, she has very poor lower limb movement and strength.  The size of her lower limb are disproportionate to her upper body, she has no muscle mass in her legs and they may have begun to atrophy?  she also has hypermobility in her knees which is also affecting her lower limbs, and walking.\nTests completed:\n1. Nerve conduction Studies: very poor results in legs.\n2. MRI Spine (under G.A) did not find anything.\n3. Blood tests all good!", "title": "My 2 year old daughter cannot walk, doctors baffled?"}
{"text": "For the last few years I have been suffering from a range of problems. Mostly mental things like brain fog, confusion, inability to focus and think straight. Also a lot of muscle aches and weakness. I find it particularly hard to walk up and down stairs because my legs and lower back seem weak and wobbly and I have difficultly balancing/controlling movement. I also often drop things especially when feeling particularly weak. I am lethargic, shaky and sometimes get a tightness in chest/restrictive feeling in throat. This seems strange for someone who is relatively young, fit and healthy. I recently got blood test results from my GP who tells me it is all in my head since nothing is showing up in blood tests. I have had full blood count, iron, b12, glucose, liver function, thyroid function, CRP and ESR. All are normal. I had slightly low vit D about 6 months ago despite being the outdoorsy type but I have been having a D3 supplement since then to treat that. Is there anything else that could be wrong with me that wouldn\u2019t be showing up on these tests? I will be looking for a new GP soon but I need to know what sort of things to ask them. I really feel that there is something seriously wrong. Surely a 30 year old woman should not be such a physical and mental cripple! I also often get things like coughing up greenish grey sticky gunk in the mornings and pustules on face and in hair and shoulder and bottom. It seems like at least once a month I get swollen lymph nodes and am also prone to abscesses under arms and in groin area. These aren\u2019t as worrisome as other symptoms but I am just generally pale, weak, tired and unwell", "title": "I have been suffering from a range of problems, my GP says it is mental, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I am reaching out as a LAST RESORT\u2026..I cannot get a straight answer regarding the results of my spirometry test.  Values were as follows:  FEV1 3,07, predicted 3.06;% predicted, 100%; FVC 4.49, predicted 4.07; % predicted, 110%; FEV1/FVC, 68%.I am a 61 year old male, 66 inches tall, weight 153 lbs\u2026\u2026My question is this\u2026..if FEV1 is 100% of predicted, and FVC is 110% of predicted, should not these values enter in to a diagnosis of COPD??\u2026.( which is what my PCP said that I have).\u2026.my understanding is that FEV1 is as important a number as the ratio\u2026.and isn\u2019t FEV1 MORMAL?!?\u2026.\u2026..the report said \u201cnormal diffusing capacity (DLCO\u201d and \u201cnormal lung volumes\u201d.I\u2019m frightened and baffled at the same time!\u2026..I have no respiratory symptoms, and run 15-20 miles per week (11-min. miles).ANY insight would be appreciated!Thank you", "title": "What do these Spirometry test results mean? \u2026last resort!"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) 43 years old. Male. Living in (\u2026) I am slightly obese and had a H. pylori Infection 4 years back with a new Streptococcus infection 30 days ago. Treated by antibiotics. My blood work is pretty good except for the blood work I have had done recently which shows that my cholesterol is at 5.6 and bilirubin levels up. My specialist doctor says I may be susceptible to Gilbert\u2019s syndrome. I am a very very big eater and usually have minor constipation and slight problems digesting with heartburn and bloating issues. What can I do to make this stop? Are these problems interrelated", "title": "I am having problems with heartburn, how can I make it stop?"}
{"text": "got lancet prick on my finger and it was deep enough for me to bleed.lancet was used on hiv patient and one minute after it was used on him,i got pricked.what are the chances of getting HIV infection if i don\u2019t take PEP .I\u2019m a nurse and I talked with my superior.She said chances are lower than hollow needle prick injuries.PEP or not PEP is on my decision", "title": "I am a nurse and suffered a lancet cut after lancet used on HIV patient."}
{"text": "Extreme pain in my lower right abdomen started in March. After 2 visits to ER, 1 visit to OBGYN, 1 visit to Primary care phys and then admitted to Hospital I\u2019m still in pain.  ER said it is the cyst, appendix was ruled out.  OBGYN said its too small to be causing my extreme pain.  Hospital did check gallbladder, did an endoscopy and colonoscopy.  Some minor issues were found in GI but nothing significant. My pain in my lower right abdomen is unbearable.  Tramadol was prescribed, but does nothing.  Other symptoms included: constant nausea, constipation, pain in my mid and lower back down into my butt and hips.  Pain in lower abdomen sometimes hurts on both sides now.  At times I feel pressure in my entire abdomen. Spend days with heat packs wrapped around me laying in bed or sitting in a warm tub.  It has completely disabled me from any normal function during the day except to concentrate on alleviating the pain.  I have had 4 menstrual cycles since this began and it hasn\u2019t gotten any better.  I have Factor V Lieden, which caused 3 miscarriages over ten years ago, but not sure if this is an issue.  I need some direction before I loose my mind to the pain", "title": "I have extreme pain in my lower right abdomen, ER doctor says it is a cyst?"}
{"text": "What can I do to help excessive face and head sweating? It\u2019s very embarrassing and hindering my employment and social lif", "title": "I suffer from excessive face and head sweating, what should I do?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am 50 years old, my 2 last periods were 6 months apart and very light \u2013 spotty. blood test \u2013 TSH 4.26; t4-free 1.0; FSH 81.5; Prolactin 11; Estradiol (E-2) 24.67. I had my IUD (one with no hormones \u2013 NovaT) removed last week after 10 years of use (5 years each time) and am not taking any sort of hormone therapy. my gynecologist said I don\u2019t need any form of contraception any more.\nI would like a second opinion\u2026Given this background information, would you reach the same conclusion, that I no longer need contraceptives of any kind", "title": "Question: I am 50 years old, doctor says no need for contraception?"}
{"text": "Hello. I have been wanting to increase the size of my lips for quite some time now. I am a 29 year old woman and I have been hating my lips ever since I can remember. What are the best techniques for lip enhancement and lip plumping? What can I expect to pay", "title": "I want to augment the size of my lips, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am coughing intermittently for about 5 months now, my doctor advised me to get an allergy test done. Which I did.\nThe IGE immunoglobin serum test which I made came back with a value of 515 and the laboratory reference value is <65.\nDoes this mean I have allergies- that I am allergic to something? I would like to know if this indicates that there is a problem with me? What do I need to do now? Is there medication that I need to take? I am a 35 year old woman. I never had any problems before. Don't take any medication whatsoever.\n\nPlease let me know as soon as possible. Thanking you and your team ahead of time.\n\nRegards\n(...)", "title": "I am coughing intermittently for about 5 months now,  is this an allergy?"}
{"text": "I am a 12 year old girl and i was running in gym a few weeks ago and i landed sideways on my ankle. then i went to gymnastics thinking it was fine  but i did a layout (back flip) and landed sideways on it again. it is a dull aching pain when sitting or resting or walking but when i jump or tumble etc. it is more of a sharp pain underneath my fibula. it isn\u2019t very swollen i started wearing my brace and using RICE but it still hasn\u2019t gotten any better. could it be a fracture or sprain or nothing", "title": "I have a dull aching pain\u2026is it a fracture?"}
{"text": "My granddaughter came over for the weekend with this awful sore on her side. Her parents said they took her to the doctor and were told that they didn\u2019t know what it was to put antibiotic cream on it. You should be able to see the small red dot next to the big sore. That red dot is starting to look like the other one.  Any ideas on what it could be?", "title": "My granddaughter has an awful sore, doctor doesn\u2019t know what it was?"}
{"text": "I have diabetes and take medication. Often every day I feel kind of light headed. I also get  \u2013 at times \u2013  a kind of shaky feeling. When that happens I usually head towards the fridge to have some juice and eat some food asap. As soon as I eat or drink I start to feel better. What is wrong? Is this a diabetic reaction? Please advise", "title": "I have diabetes and feel light headed almost every day, what is wrong?"}
{"text": "I have a tattoo I need to have removed, what is the best way to do this?Some years ago I had a multi colored tattoo which was pretty nice back then, but now I don\u2019t like anymore.\nHow can I get it off", "title": "I have a tattoo I need to have removed, what is the best way to do this?"}
{"text": "I believe I have a bad memory and I noticed that I\u2019m very forgetful. I will list a few incidents that happened to me: I was once handed a paper in which I was asked to write all of my classmates names and I could not remember my friend\u2019s last name eventually I had to pass that paper to someone else as I was incapable of remembering. I take a lot of time to memorize but I easily forget it all. My friend\u2019s remember things I\u2019ve said and done that I myself do not remember. Above all when I try to recollect my memories and try to remember them clearly i cannot it is as if a cloud was inside my brain preventing me from remembering things clearly, It feels blurry it\u2019s a weird feeling I cannot put in words but I just cannot seem to collect my memory properly. I cannot remember old things as well as things I\u2019ve done three days ago. It does not mean I have forgotten everything but it\u2019s as if I forget more than anyone around me. Please help me. I am not stressed as of now And I do not have diabetes I do not suffer from any illness But I do have allergy and I have anxiety but do not suffer from it on regular basis", "title": "I cannot remember old things as well as things I\u2019ve done three days ago?"}
{"text": "I am a 39 yr old male, and I have a question about Vocal Cord Dysfunction, that I suspect I may be suffering from.\nI have read that the standard discription of VCD is that when you have a bout of it, you can\u2019t breath for up to half a minute.\nMy problem is that every once in a while my vocal cords constrict, upon inhaling, but only for about half a second. Can this also be a symptom of Vocal Cord Dysfunction? My throat usually gets tight just before, and suddenly my throat (vocal cords) close up for a short moment. I can there after breath normally. It isn\u2019t something that scares me, but it\u2019s very irritating and frustrating not knowing what it is and what causes it. Thank you! God bless", "title": "I suffer from a Vocal Cord Dysfunction, my vocal cords constrict\u2026can\u2019t breath?"}
{"text": "patient 55yrs old,shortness of breath on exertion for last 2months,nd shortness of breath on lying along wd cough nd frothy sputum,no edema,allergy,cough,had appendicitis 30yrs ago admitted to hospital for ami relieved by sublingual tablets no history hp ,dm,rf ex smoker 20-30yrs,his father died due to stroke nd mom alive,along wd it no cyanosis, jaundice,no ostler nodes no heberdens nodes or splinter hemorrhage heart exam:heart s1: diminished wd intensity s2:normal nd s3 audible at apex respiratory normal gitnormal nd cnsnormal diagnosis plus dd nd investigatio", "title": "I have shortness of breath? Admitted for Acute myocardial infarction?"}
{"text": "I am 42 years old and obese. I\u2019ve been trying to lose weight for so long without any success I just decided to give up, how much does Bariatric Surgery cost", "title": "I am 42 years old and obese, how much does Bariatric Surgery cost?"}
{"text": "hi since 2015 I have been suffering with migraine, 24/7 Tinnitus and balance problems, I had a MRI early 2015 which was normal, that time I was so bad I was off work for 6 months, I have just gone back to work after nearly 4 months off, im  on reduced hours my gp is saying it\u2019s vestibular migraines but just recently it is much worse I now have numbness and tingling in my head, face, fingers and toes, I also have bouts of blurry vision, I was put on Amirtriptyline starting on 10mg increasing the dose every 2 weeks by 10mg until I was on 100 mg these made no difference at all, so im now on Nortriptyline increasing the dose every 2 weeks up to 100mg im currently on 50 mg and so far they have not helped at all, im really struggling at work as I work in a hospital and the lights really make my symptoms bad, I feel I need to be referred back to neurology but my gp says no as I have not tried all the meds they want me on I have one more to go on if these don\u2019t work, please please give me some advise. Many thanks June. ohhh im a 54 year old female", "title": "I have been suffering with migraine, 24/7 Tinnitus and balance problems?"}
{"text": "I am a 32 year old women. I train every couple of days in the gym but just don\u2019t have the buttock volume I want.I am thinking of getting a Brazilian Butt Lift but should I get a fat injection instead? Not too sure which is better.I want to get just the right volume, shape and look. Please give me your opinion", "title": "I am thinking of getting a Brazilian Butt Lift but should I get a fat injection instead?"}
{"text": "I suffer from Anemia from mercaptopurine and mesalamine interaction. My lab reports show that my Iron saturation level is normal. But my other iron level is falling. I don\u2019t seem to be improving at all even after receiving an  Injectafer \u2013 ferric carboxymaltose injections", "title": "I suffer from anemia and my Injectafer \u2013 ferric carboxymaltose injections are not working?"}
{"text": "Hello Doctor.While crossing the street, I tripped on the sidewalk and fell down. I fell on my face. All is ok except for my nose. There is a bit of swelling so I believe I may have a broken nose. My question is the following: Should I wait for the swelling to subside to see if my nose is broken or should I get an x-ray of my nose right away.Thank", "title": "I fell down and I think I may have a broken nose?"}
{"text": "I`m 23 years old male, and in last couple of days I noticed that my nails are half white and half pink. I found on Internet that this half-half color indicate kidney failure. I don`t have any other symptoms of kidney diseases. Is this true and could this be sing of kidney failure", "title": "Do my nails show that I have kidney disease?"}
{"text": "Hello Doctors.. My name is (\u2026) Male 28 years of age. For the past 1 year I have had a bad loss of of memory. I no longer remember the names of friends or people I am acquainted with. I start forgetting the names of persons whom i know and recently met. I have difficulty with learning new things and to speak in my native tongue. I forget all kinds of things like street names and other normal things. What is wong with me. Please advise what I should do", "title": "I no longer remember the names of friends or people I am acquainted with?"}
{"text": "I have been diagnosed with,  Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), doctor prescribed Clindamycin and Co-Amoxiclav. I have been suffering from diarrhea. I believe Clindamycin  is causing the diarrhea, can I just cease taking  Clindamycin?", "title": "I have been diagnosed with,  Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), doctor prescribed Clindamycin and Co-Amoxiclav?"}
{"text": "Hello I am a 27 year old female and my physician says I have a sebaceous cyst. I was prescribed topical corticosteroidIt and fucidic acid. After treatment, almost all of the redness subsided and the cyst came down to the size of a dot under my skin on my face. It is now small but not pretty to look at. What can I do to remove it. Please advise", "title": "I have a sebaceous cyst on my face that I want to remove, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am very disappointed with my Botox treatment. I never thought this could happen. I have had a Botox Treatment consisting of 30 units in my forehead about 30 days ago, now have a huge bump right in the middle of my forehead. Very ugly. What can I do about it? Did my doctor make a mistake? Please help", "title": "I have had a Botox Treatment of 30 units, now have a bump in middle of my forehead?"}
{"text": "46 year old male had stroke on right side of brain. Since then he is suffering severe headaches. Headaches are always there and is taking oxycodone to control pain. When headaches get bad he starts to sweat and hands are like ice. He has weakness on his left side an has lost the sensation of feeling. His right side is also weak. Has has MRI, MRA, MRV done. MRI showed stroke the MRA and MRV didn\u2019t show anything significant. Has had blood work for West Nile Virus and Lyme Disease both came back negative. Doing another MRI w/wo contract tonight. Dr\u2019s thinking maybe another stroke but not all symptoms correlate with a stroke. Any ideas or comments", "title": "I am a  46 year old male had stroke on right side of brain\u2026now another stroke?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is (\u2026) and I have a strange condition that makes me cramp up like I have a Seizure but its not a seizure, a stroke that isn\u2019t a stroke and a heart attack that isn\u2019t a heart attack.  My arms and legs get numb, my leg get heavy for me and I really cant feel my left arm.  Most of my body gets numb particularity my left side but now it has started reaching my right side and it hurts.  I also have a sensitivity to light with my eyes and a very strange temperature awareness or lack of it many times. Its getting worse slowly and I don\u2019t know the cause or how to stop it and there has been nothing that has been diagnosed, my question is is it one thing or different things mixed together that ended up hiding everything else causing all my tests to come back negative?  I need answers in any way possible so maybe one day i can start living life again", "title": "I have a strange condition that makes me cramp up like a seizure?"}
{"text": "I have been married for 24 years separated for 2 recently was tested for std i came back positive for syphilis my ex husband tells me is not him because we\u2019ve not had sex for 2 years but he\u2019s the only one I have been with i also was diagnosed with altered cells on my cervix can this be because the syphilis. Please let me know as it worries me a lot", "title": "I have Syphilis but had no sex in 2 years, is this possible?"}
{"text": "I have bad pain and swelling in leg and notice blood clots on thigh.Hello Doctor, Recently I noticed blood clots on leg near femoral artery. I went to ER and they prescribed Xarelto for clots (in the ER) . After a month my prescription ended, I went to see my primary care physician who took me off because my hemaglobin was low (8.7) and he said he believed I was in danger of a heart attack. I still have closts, should I stay on Xarelto or do like my doctor says and stop", "title": "I have bad pain and swelling in leg and notice blood clots on thigh?"}
{"text": "Elevated CPK and Sed Rate along with muscle soreness and pain.For the last 11 months I\u2019ve had varying degrees of muscle soreness and pain. My CPK rate was 1276 last July and has been between 300-700 for the last 10 months. My peak sed rate was 35 and has never gone below 20 in the last 11 months. 35 year old male. Had electro muscle test that came back negative. It\u2019s not debilitating but it\u2019s annoying and painful on some days", "title": "I have elevated Creatine phosphokinase (CPK) and Sed rate (erythrocyte sedimentation rate) along with muscle soreness and pain?"}
{"text": "Fatigue and muscle pain with normal test resultsI have fatigue and muscle aches. I have had several blood test and all have come back normal.  I was told it could be Fibromyalgia.  I read about adrenal fatigue online and it fits my symptoms also, however, I have read some that say it is a real condition and some who say it is not.  Is adrenal fatigue a real condition", "title": "I have fatigue and muscle aches, could it be Fibromyalgia?"}
{"text": "shoulder pain after surgerymay 24th 2016 i had an acdf surgery the treat pain and numbness in my right shoulder arm and hand after the surgery i started feeling the same symptoms in my left shoulder arm and hand i started complaining about it while still in the hospital recovering from the acdf the doctor said it was normal now 1 year later the symptoms have not got better any type of manual labor makes it worse something a simple as turning a steering wheel with my left arm makes it worse is it normal to still have these symptoms 1 year after acdf thank", "title": "I have shoulder pain after Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion (acdf) surgery?"}
{"text": "Having trouble breathing and have two holes in my chestI have 2 holes in the left side of my chest and 4 gashes on my upper left torso, also have a few gashes on my left shoulder, and my ribs are broken on the left side as well. Every time I take a breath, a weird blowing sound, along with frothy blood comes out of the holes in my chest, making it hard for me to breathe. The holes are in my upper left chest area and near my left nipple. They both blow bloody bubbles out in spurts each time I breathe. The holes are about the size of a half dollar coin and make blowing sounds each time I breathe. I called for an ambulance and the EMTs cut my shirt off completely and are saying I need to go to the hospital. They said I need to have oxygen and might have a \u201cpunctured left lung\u201d and a \u201csucking chest wound.\u201d What do these terms mean and why was my shirt cut off? What will the EMT\u2019s and doctors do to treat my condition, and after I leave the hospital, what can I do for self care at home? Mal", "title": "I am having trouble breathing and have two holes in my chest?"}
{"text": "Horrific Insomnia and extremely bad Heart PalpitationsHi, For the last three months my sleeping has been getting progressively worse and its now at a point where I feel my life is endangered. Every night i\u2019m now getting a combined maximum of 2 hours sleep, never reaching a deep sleep. I wake up feeling shattered, feel exhausted all day and then can\u2019t fall asleep at night \u2013 so much so it\u2019s bringing me to tears.The last two weeks of has seen the introduction of heart palpitations, general irregular heartbeat and stabbing pains in my chest. Sometimes before sleep at night my lower legs ache terribly and that combined with my heart which I can feel beating through my chest and through body parts like ears prevents me from sleeping. I\u2019m a 24 year old female, and I need help as i\u2019m now getting concerned for my life", "title": "I have horrific Insomnia and extremely bad Heart Palpitations?"}
{"text": "anxiety problemsi have been put on Sertraline tablets 50mg and have took them for 5days now i started hallucinating off them i rang 111 and they told me to stop them for tonight os that alright i dont want to stop them and something bad happens to me its horrible and the anxiety is taking over my body making me think loads of things and telling me to take them but i don\u2019t want to start hallucinating agai", "title": "I suffer from anxiety have been taking Sertraline, now hallucinating?"}
{"text": "I was recently diagnosed with HSV-1, and I would like to know what these results mean. Thank you!I was recently diagnosed with HSV-1. But on my test results it says positive and negative. And I would like to know what this means. I recently had the flu, but they were no cold sores at all. Could I have been misdiagnosed? I will really appreciate your response. Thank you", "title": "I was recently diagnosed with Herpes simplex virus HSV-1, results say positive and negative?"}
{"text": "Humerous fractureI was humerus middle shaft fracture in 15th June 2017. next day surgery my right humerus for fixation of plate and screw. But after 3 month plate was not holding properly and plate was all most outside the bone but healing not properly. So I change the doctor and place. Doctor advise removal of plate and extensible higher or large plate or bone grafting. In April 27th again surgery but this time doctor fix of rod Nail syntheses.   But present time pain in my right hand and not proper healing. Please intimate me what I can d", "title": "I had Humerus fracture surgery, now need another?"}
{"text": "Recurrent Mouth ulcers in the pastHi, 2 months ago I started having recurrent ulcers in my mouth and tongue (1-2 at the same time-normal size-after 4,5 days were disappearing). I had full blood count and everything was fine \u2013 for 10 days no ulcers again. After my holidays then I started having again ulcers in my mouth and tongue and my GP gave me Corsodyl mouthwash which was perfect \u2013 the 2 ulcers I had disappeared and never again appeared. I have no ulcers at all for 3-4 weeks now but I\u2019m just very anxious cause in internet it says a lot of serious illnesses are causing ulcers and that is why I\u2019m a bit concerned. I have also quit smoking on January (that might be a reason why?) and I was having exams as well which means I was stressed. One GP told me if I\u2019d like to have more blood tests (std related test) but I haven\u2019t. What do you think", "title": "I am having recurrent ulcers in my mouth and tongue, should I get a STD test?"}
{"text": "I am on the first trimester of pregnancy.and ultrasound report says there is no yolk sac and no heartbeatHello\u2026.\nI am 30year.\nI have 8week 5days pregnancy.\nI got ultrasound report yesterday. In which they says that I have no yolk sac and no heartbeat. But fetal pole is present\u2026 Crl is .41\nI am worried.. please help me to say that is it normal? I don\u2019t have bleeding. I referred to next sonography after two weeks. Is it possible that next time they can see yolk sac and heartbeat. If they find same situation in next ultrasound then what? Is this a miscarriage sign for me. I had two miscarriage before this pregnancy. I have a daughter who is 5year old. Please help me by your reply\u2026", "title": "I am on the first trimester of pregnancy and ultrasound report says there is no yolk sac and no heartbeat?"}
{"text": "Suffering of high grade fever 39.5\u00b0C most of time for 5weeksSuffering of high grade fever >39.5\u00b0C most of time for > 5weeks\nShe has no any signs or symptoms of infection or inflammation anywhere in her body , and all possible investigations done and all results within normal levels including : CBC, ESR, CRP, U/E/CR, LFT, TFT, BLOOD FILMS, LP, BLOOD CULTURES, URINE R/E, VIRAL SCREEN, EB VIRUS WIDAL TEST, Weil\u2013Felix test , Brucella test, ABDOMINAL U/S, HIP JOINTS U/S, THYROID U/S, CHEST X-RAY, HIP JOINTS  X-RAY, LUMBER VERTBERE MRI ( and some tests repeated many times )\nShe also received multiple antibiotic course as blind treatment including  ( septren, cloxacillin, claforan, meronem, clarithromycin, procaine penicillin, ospen \u2026\u2026 )\nClinically : except of her body temperature 39 -41\u00b0C despite paracetamol ( iv, orally and suppositories ) and ibuprofen syrups, she is stable , no complaint , no rash , no any significant symptom .\nNote : 6 month ago she starred to gain weight and get obese , now her body weight = 30kg.\nFemal", "title": "Suffering of high-grade fever 39.5\u00b0C most of time for 5 weeks, all tests normal, blind treatment of bacterial infection ineffective?"}
{"text": "GnRh stimulation test and its resultsMy  second daughter is seven years old. She has some hormonal problems. May be you can help us in this matter. Briefly I will describe the situation for you and attached some analyses tests:\n1)\tSince 8 months she got treatment. I took her to endocrinologist. After analyses hormonal, Brain and Adrenal CT they decided that she has hormonal problems. Brain and adrenal CT were normal. But they said adrenal material is now so developed and it could not produce hormones normally.\n2)\tSince 8 months doctor started treatment with hydro cortisol tablets for regulation Cortisol, DHEAS and other hormones. During 2 years my daughter got this treatment. After this they stopped it and started Norditropine injection for growing. About 2 years she got this injection. And when we discovered liver infiltration after sonography doctor stopped all treatment and said every think is ok now. About 1.5 year she did not get treatment and everything was ok. But recent 3 months we discovered the menstruation in my daughter and make test. The Estradiol level increased and after sonography we find out that she has a small cyst in uterus.\n3)\tAdditionally we mad GNRH stimulation test (0, 3 and 24 hours). LH level is under 4 but estradiol is high. Doctor recommended injection but I am hestitating because I read if LH level is under 4 it does not importatant the injection. For now doctor prescribed Medroxyprogestron", "title": "My  second daughter is seven years old and has hormonal problems, please advise?"}
{"text": "Thyroid nodule, increased TSH, low wbcI am a 23 year old Female with no significant past medical history. In October of 2016 I had a miscarriage and the OB found that my TSH was 13.4 and my Free Thyroxine is 0.84. He also palpated and felt an enlarged thyroid on the right side. He followed this up with an ultrasound that said that the thyroid was enlarged on the right side with increased vascularization, increased lymph nodes, and diffusely heterogenous. There were no nodules present. They put me on 100mcg of levothyroxine and scheduled a check up 6 months later. I went in to my primary Dr. recently where she ran tests and did another ultrasound. my WBC was 3.6, TSH 10.2, free thyroxine 0.78, and neutrophils 1.68. She then increased my snythroid to 125mcg. The ultrasound came back with this report:\nIndication:NONTOXIC SINGLE THYROID NODULE\nComparison:none\nFindings:\nRight lobe of the thyroid measures 6.8 x 1.9 x 2.2 cm. 5 mm nodules present.\nThyroid is diffusely heterogenous.\nNo abnormal cystic or solid nodules are seen in the isthmus.\nLeft lobe of the thyroid measures 5.6 x 2.1 x 2.3 cm. Thyroid is diffusely\nheterogenous. No focal nodules are seen.\nImpression:\n1. Thyroid is enlarged and heterogenous. This nonspecific but could be secondary\nto thyroiditis\n2. 5 mm right thyroid nodule may well be benign but ultrasound follow-up is\nrecommendedI have an endocrinology appointment on June 30th. I guess my question in what is going on with me and what other tests should be run? There have been a lot of frustrations throughout this process of Dr.\u2019s quitting and the apt not being rescheduled and other hiccups along the way that have made me feel nothing is moving at a very fast pace and no one is really explaining anything to me", "title": "I have a Thyroid nodule, increased TSH, low wbc?"}
{"text": "I have been having severe chest pains, irregular heart beat, swelling of the hands, legs and feet, weakness (generalized), fevers of 99.9-103F, body aches and pains, shortness of breathe, fatigue and lack of energy. . My swelling keeps spreading to different parts of my body and I have no idea why. It ounce went to the side of my neck and jaw. My swelling began around May 2015. Idk if I may had a infection somewhere and it recently gotten to my heart but I didn\u2019t have heart problems till now (recently diagnosed November 2015) because I\u2019ve gotten a EKG back in March and nothing came back but every time they ran a blood count, my white blood cell count was elevated higher than normal. I am only 16 and been going through this since August of 2014 Nothing helps my symptoms it\u2019s always there. Idk if it\u2019s a medical emergency or what doctor to see. I\u2019ve tried lots of different medications and no doctor can figure out what\u2019s wrong. Throughout my sickness I passed out once because of the sickness. I really don\u2019t know who to go see or what I should do. Any suggestions? Thank you very much", "title": "I have been having severe chest pains, irregular heart beat, swelling of the hands, legs and feet, weakness?"}
{"text": "Anterior wall fibroid while pregnancy2 years ago I had 2 missed abortions and while I was doing the ultrasound, the doctor discovered that I have a posterior wall fibroid, small 1 or 2 cam. 6 month ago, I gave birth to my baby and while pregnant I haven\u2019t any thing or any problem regarding this fibroid. Now I am 3 months pregnant and they told me that I have an anterior wall fibroid\nIs it the same fibroid?\nI attached the report of 2015 ultrasoundand the latest report 2017:\n(1)\nSIMPLE PREGNANCY ULTRASOUND of 02-MAY-2017: GESTATION: SINGLE AMNIOTIC FLUID : ADEQUATE FETAL HEARTS : PRESENT CRL= 1.60 CM YS=0.2 CM GAGE= 8.0 WKS EDD: 12.12.2017 FHR: 153 bpm CX= 2.8 CM SUBSEROSAL FIBROID ANT WALL UPPER UT=1.1X1.0 CM OVARIES : NORMAL. LUTEAL CYST LTO(2)\nSIMPLE PREGNANCY ULTRASOUND of 21-MAY-2017: SIMPLE PREGNANCY ULTRASOUND: Findings: Gestation: SINGLE CRL: 3.86 cm Fetal Heart Movement: 163/ min CX/L: 3.76 cm COMMENTS: SINGLE, A/A, I/U GESTATION SEEN G AGE: 10 WK+5D SCAN EDD: 12/12/2017 \u201d AN ANTERIOR WALL FIBROID NOTED , 2.31 X 3.36 cm FOLLOW UP FOR NT SCAN\nAge:30 Femal", "title": "I had a SIMPLE PREGNANCY ULTRASOUND showing a ANTERIOR WALL FIBROID, please advise?"}
{"text": "BONE TB DIAGNOSIS CANNOT BE CONFIRME", "title": "Bone Tuberculosis (TB) Diagnosis  cannot be confirmed, do we opt for surgery or TB medication?"}
{"text": "Some hip pain 9 weeks. Had MRA image recently, would welcome second opinion.Hello, I kindly request a 2nd opinion for my hip pain. Attached is MRA image recently done of Labrum. I would like opinions if they feel it is torn, freyed or not affected. My doctor is unsure and i dont want to have unnecessary surgery. I am 48yr old male", "title": "I have some hip pain 9 weeks. Had MRA image recently, would welcome second opinion?"}
{"text": "I have pain and pressure in upper left legI am a 30 yr old nonsmoking female who is a couple of pounds underweight but not malnourished. I don\u2019t take any prescriptions or drugs and only drink about once a month. About two years ago, I had what doctors thought was a staph infection due to an ingrown hair in my groin area (it was never tested for staph, but he told me I had one and gave me antibiotics, which I took as prescribed). Ever since the staph infection, I have been getting pressure and sharp or dull throbbing pain in my upper left leg. The pressure/pain is on the very top and the inside of my leg. Before the last two weeks or so, the pressure and pain would only occur for a couple of minutes in very sporadic intervals. Sometimes I would go several days without any pain or pressure. However, in the last two weeks or so, the pressure and pain has been in my leg more often than not, so I am a bit concerned. When I press on the area, it doesn\u2019t hurt, but is a bit tender. There\u2019s no redness, sores, or puffiness there or anywhere on my body, and it doesn\u2019t appear that I have another ingrown hair. When I walk, the pain lessens or is the same. When I sit, the pain/pressure usually gets a little worse.  Also during the last couple of weeks or so, there have been sharp pains in my left armpit. The pain only happens approximately once a day for a few seconds. I can feel small nodules in my groin, neck, and armpit they don\u2019t hurt. I\u2019m not sure how new the nodules are. A few years ago or so, a doctor told me I had permanently swollen lymph nodes, and he thought it was because of a tonsillectomy that I had as a little girl", "title": "After staph infection, I have been getting pressure and sharp or dull throbbing pain in my upper left leg?"}
{"text": "Extreme pain when I relax muscles to urinate.I\u2019ve recently had reconstructive surgery done on my bladder and right ureter as a result of a cold knife cone gone wrong. All while I had my catheter in, there was still a lot of pain if I relaxed my muscles. I\u2019ve recently had the catheter removed and when I go to urinate, there is a god awful pain that is intolerable. Is this common? I\u2019m taking my pain meds just to be able to use it, but it\u2019s not working", "title": "After reconstructive surgery, I have extreme pain when I relax bladder muscles?"}
{"text": "MS multiple sclerosis or Lyme diseaseHello doctor, I\u2019ve been diagnosed with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RRMS), I make 2 MRI\u2019s brain and spinal cord and found lesions both of them..since august I\u2019ve been diagnosed I\u2019ve noticed some strange things happened to me..first of all I\u2019ve lost weight, more than 15 pounds in a year, second I\u2019ve noticed a light face atrophy in the left side, arm and legs weakness and tremors..is it normal..does multiple sclerosis affect the weight I am taking Tecfidera for ten months Age:38 Mal", "title": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RRMS), losing weight can it be Lyme Disease?"}
{"text": "I developed breathing difficulties approx 2 years ago, which have worsened daily since. I am consistently told by the doctor that I am hyper ventilating due to anxiety \u2026. I only wish this were the case but it isn\u2019t. I originally felt like something wasn\u2019t moving properly when I breathed in and out, so doc ordered chest xray which came back clear.  No wheezing or any symptom like that, just that i couldn\u2019t breathe deeply any more.  Problems have persisted, getting worse with  worsening pantness, shortness of breath at all times and worsening feeling of suffocation especially when lying down.  I\u2019m breathing about 40 breaths every 30 secs now, constantly like this and am exhausted with it and scared at the increasing shallowness and choking feeling.   Very bad feeling of choking all the time and gurgling noises in throat now, very shallow breaths n and out.  Can still swallow but feels very odd and uncomfortable.  Have also had a diaphragm test as i had read this can cause respiratory issues like this, this was also clear.  Have now such a shallow breath in and out and permanent choking feeling, wretching sometimes which is so difficult even as so little air. The huge problem i have is that i haven\u2019t been taken seriously about what is happening and has continued to happen, worsening., and am now at a complete crisis point and still not believed\u2026after my partner died, i got put on medication for anxiety, this worsened on medications which i reacted badly to and I have ended up with a diagnosis of bi-polar.  I stopped the meds sometime ago because of physical side effects like twitches and high cholesterol, fatty lipids on eyes from it and other pretty bad side effects\u2026but obviously still have the diagnosis of bi polar which has prevented being taken seriously on this.  It has been horrific trying to persuade people something is wrong and worsening to be constantly told its it my head\u2026, i wish it were this easy!  I have been complaining of the worsening feeling of some kind of paralysis a long time, and am consistently told by the doctor that i am hyper ventilating due to anxiety.  I only wish this were the case.  I ve been back to the doctor again this week, told i am hyperventilating and need medication to treat the anxiety, and that my swallowing is fine because I can take a sip of water and swallow that. Also my oxygen saturation level is ok. AM very scared as feel throat could close very soon, my breathing is very weak, very short and shallow and am waking up choking\u2026Getting to sleep is very difficult as the breathing is so shallow and just panting so fast\u2026Im now despairing because if i go to urgent care, Ive been told they will say the same thing\u2026 this has been said to me more than once in the past three months, but nothing is improving just worsening.  (\u2026) Just to add to this, i couldn\u2019t do sprirometry test recently as have such shallow breath, and they said i wasn\u2019t doing it properly due to anxiety. (\u2026) It took a year faster chest xray to ask for diaphragm test too, despite me continually saying it was worsening both to my gp and psychiatrist. Just cant believe what is happening and nowhere to turn.  I would take medication if this were anxiety, but it isn\u2019t and is so so uncomfortable and frightening now\u2026. and i just wonder what if anything can I do.   I have a feeling i will choke to death whenever i lie down now and am feeling its pretty urgent.  I just get told it isn\u2019t getting worse, because i first mentioned it two years ago, and am unable and powerless to prove otherwise. Can someone please advise on what I can do now.  Fearing for my life now and don\u2019t know how. Age: 44 Gender: Femal", "title": "I developed breathing difficulties approx 2 years ago, which have worsened daily since?"}
{"text": "So my son has been sick for about 3 days now, here are his symptoms\nFever (High of 100.5)\nSuper sore throat, can barely swallow.\nLumps on the back of the throat, pinkish red\nSwollen tonsils, not swollen all the way. just a bit.\nHurts to swallow.\nPainful headache, the worst I\u2019ve ever seen. He normally sleeps on his side, but he couldn\u2019t, it was too painful, even after he took a pain reliever, couldn\u2019t even look at our computer, it made it worse, now he still has the headache.\nNo appetite.\nThick mucas\nBit of a cough\nBit of a stuffy nose.\nAge:12Mal", "title": "My son has been sick for about 3 days now?"}
{"text": "I had a colonoscopy a few months ago and the biopsy results came back as Inflammatory Bowel Disease Unspecified. I have been told to stop treatment and have another scope in a month\u2019s time. Is this really necessary? My symptoms are consistent with ulcerstive colitis with lower left abdominal pain etc and the treatment I am on is keeping things under control. Very reluctant to stop treatment and go through another scope. Please can you advise. Age:35 Femal", "title": "I AM Diagnosed with Inflammatory bowel disease unclassified (IBDU) don\u2019t want to stop treatment for another colonoscopy?now have to go for another scope"}
{"text": "Low resting heart rate (woke up with it week ago)Last Thursday, I woke up short of breath and lightheaded, so I checked my heart rate about an hour later, and it was only at 43, and My normal resting heart rate is 78 or so. It\u2019s stayed between 40 and 55 since then. Two days later, I went to the ER where they did a blood test and an xray of my heart. They released me saying  I was stable, and that there was no signs of heart damage nor signs of any clots, but to see a physician within 3-5 days. I am unable to see a doctor due to the lack of insurance, so I am wondering if anyone could tell me what this is. I had a traumatic event happen to me 4 days before the first day if the symptoms, and I was in pure \u201cfight or flight\u201d mode with my adrenaline pumping almost nonstop. I seem to have a lack of it, so I brought up secondary adrenal crisis to the ER and it was dismissed. Please help Age:30 Femal", "title": "Low resting heart rate can it be a secondary adrenal insufficiency, if not what is cause?"}
{"text": "Sudden bald spot on top of headI suddenly have a very large bald spot on top of my head , I am 23 years old , I smoke but eat quite healthy and I\u2019m active , I am not experiencing and other symptoms but I\u2019m quite sure it wasn\u2019t like that when I got my hair cut maybe a couple months ago. Age:23 Mal", "title": "Sudden bald spot on top of head, please advise?"}
{"text": "Chest congestion, sinus congestion, inner ear canal has fluid moving around.My immune system is deficient in the 1gG3 classification. Currently,  I cough and have to hold my chest because of the pain. I seem to be on a 3-4 week cycle of getting sick. I call my asthma doctor who prescribes an antibiotic over the internet.  I had this 3 weeks ago but it was better for a week or so after an antibiotic and prednizone. Getting into the doctor takes days and I don\u2019t trust the urgent care facilities.  The doctors seem to be inexperienced.  Should I go to the emergency room this time?  How do I know if I am in real danger of the congestion affecting my ability to live", "title": "My immune system is deficient in the 1gG3 classification, please advise?"}
{"text": "I have ME: Myalgic Encephalomyelitis and finding it impossible to lose weight which is making my condition and self esteem worse.I am a 19 year old with ME: Myalgic Encephalomyelitis. I desperately want to lose some weight but I am struggling to get any exercise because it is far too painful. I have been in physical therapy before but because of my hypo mobility they pretty much told me exercise wont help my muscle pain and signed me off. I understand that diet is also important but I also have a eating disorder which I have had from being young so I eat really poor food and no matter how hard I try I cannot change that. There are foods like meat, potato or fish that i physically cannot eat without being sick.I only work 2 days a week because I can\u2019t handle any more and I frequently use a wheelchair or crutches.  I seem to be putting on more and more weight and I don\u2019t know how to lose it. When I stretch  the skin under my left rib sinks in a noticeable amount and when I bend it sticks out but the other side don\u2019t do it. When I have questioned it before I was told that everybody\u2019s body shape is different but I feel like it\u2019s more than that. It just don\u2019t feel right. I\u2019m not obese but it feels like someone has strapped a sack of spuds to my stomach,weighing me down and giving me lots of pain. I need to loose some weight for myself physically but mentally too.  I\u2019ve missed out on a lot because of my illness and don\u2019t want anything else getting in the way of me finally being able to enjoy my life.Age:19 Femal", "title": "I have ME Myalgic Encephalomyelitis and finding it impossible to lose weight?"}
{"text": "Loss of lordosis of back spineLOSS OF LORDOSIS\nI have this problem since last 10 years but I don\u2019t aware of it but last 15 days I have very bad back pain so visit doctor and he took x-ray and the x-ray show that I have loss of lordosis problem.\nAND physiotherapist TELL ME THAT IT WILL NEVER RESTORE NATURAL CURVE OF SPINE. I have to live rest of my life with lordosis problem. So I want to know that is it possible to restore the natural curve of my spine. Or it will never get back to its original posture", "title": "I have Lordosis of back spine, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Questions about atypical molesI was wondering if you can help me with some (mostly neurotic) questions pertaining to some dysplastic nevi which I was recently diagnosed with. I\u2019m currently suffering from health anxiety and tend to make the mistake of googling these health conditions as well. My dermatologist recently removed three nevi at my request, primarily for cosmetic reasons but also because I didn\u2019t want to obsess over them changing anymore. She did shave biopsies, one came back as mild dysplasia and the other two as mild/moderate dysplasia. She indicated that no further treatment is needed. Last year, I had two other larger moles removed which were biopsied and normal, and I had about five larger (but no bigger than a pencil eraser) removed by my primary care doctor seventeen years ago (a dermatologist had actually clinically diagnosed them as normal a year prior to that). Unfortunately, he had used electrodessication and currettage without biopsies after saying they were normal clinically (not sure if they were moles anyways, possibly seborrheic keratosis?); all that are left now, seventeen years later, are flat white hypopigmented areas and no reoccurrence of pigment or other changes has taken place where they were removed ( I would think if they had been dangerous I would have seen major changes by now and perhaps wouldn\u2019t even be here). Given the above, that is a total of about ten larger -sized moles which I\u2019ve had; any other pigmented spots which I have are sun spots, freckles, etc. There is no history of diagnosed melanoma in my family \u2014 my father did have some strange pigmented lesions on his back, but I know for a fact that he had them for over twenty years (he would\u2019t go to a dermatologist) and he died from cardiac arrest \u2014 I\u2019m thinking that perhaps they were seborrheic keratosis, which I understand can resemble melanoma.  I am vigilant about having professional skin cancer screenings done, and as a matter of fact just had a free one which a local cancer hospital sponsored\u2026all was fine.Based upon all of that information, do you feel that there is any need for me to be concerned about FAMMM\n(familial atypical mole malignant melanoma syndrome) I also see that there is an atypical mole syndrome which increases your chance of melanoma.  So far I\u2019ve only had ten larger moles (about the size of pencil erasers), all of which have been removed\u2013 two were normal on biopsy, three mildly dysplastic, and the five removed by my primary care doctor 17 years ago were not biopsied.  Other than that I have about 35 other smaller freckles/moles (I\u2019m not sure how to distinguish them), the largest of which look like the ones in the attached image of my arm.  Is it safe to say that I don\u2019t appear to have atypical mole syndrome (I understand that usually has HUNDREDS of moles)?I\u2019m attaching an image of my back; you may see some hypopigmented areas from where my doctor removed lesions seventeen years ago and red spots, which are areas which my dermatologist just treated with cryosurgery and some with electrocautery. The second image is of my upper arm, just to show you the other types of freckles and sunspots which i have in other locations. Age:50 FemaleBased upon all of that information, do you feel that there is any need for me to be concerned about FAMMM\n(familial atypical mole malignant melanoma syndrome)", "title": "I was recently diagnosed with an Atypical Mole (Dysplastic Nevi), please advise?"}
{"text": "My Anti Hiv Test Conclusive or need retest until..?Dear Dr. I had an sexual intervourse with an escort 7 months ago. It last 2 minutes..I have several Anti Hiv 1/2 + P24 Antigen test. 35,67,88 ( Anti Hiv 1/2 ), 112,120,150,180 ( Anti Hiv 1/2 ) and finally after 214 day I have final AntiHiv1/2+P24 Antigen test. All my result wasnegative.Arethesetest, I have, possible to detected the H\u0131v \u0130f I was infected.. I\u2019m afraid that my result turn to positive. Pls Could you tell me all these test are enough and conclusive to say I\u2019m totally free from Hiv or need re-test until for example one or two year..?Can I say I\u2019m totally free from hiv after my last test 214 day (over 7 months )..Could you give me a hundred percent guarantee that my test results will not change..As long as I am not exposed to any exposure..I am psychologically treated because of fear of returning test result positive..Pls help me\u2026I can not assign fear of returning positive test from my head..Finally can I sex with my wife without using condo", "title": "Is my Anti HIV Test Conclusive or need retest?"}
{"text": "On February 8th, 2017, I received a urethral bulking procedure with the Coaptite injectable implant. That evening I could only drip pee, but not empty my bladder fully. I was screaming in pain overnight and the next morning my husband took me to the hospital where they drained 2 liters off the bladder. I was sent home and told that I would completely recover. Since then I have suffered from severe urgency, stinging, burning, frequency, pelvic pain and some incontinence. I have seen a urogynecologist, a gynecologist, a urologist, a pain specialist, an acupuncturist, and now I am seeing a pelvic floor physical therapist and receiving weekly treatments of percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation, PTNS. Over these 3 months, my condition has worsened, not improved. None of the doctors I have consulted understand why this happened to me, and do not know how to treat it. At 66, I am/was an elite athlete, extremely active, babysitting grandchildren, and had lots of energy. Today, I spend most of my time in bed due to the extreme discomfort of the pelvic floor pain and the severe urgency. I am taking myrbetriq for the pain, but do not think that it is helping and taking several antidepressants. I wonder what more can be done to alleviate these symptoms, if not get rid of them completely. I do not understand what could be causing these horrific sensations", "title": "I received a urethral bulking procedure with the Coaptite injectable implant, now in constant pain, doctors don\u2019t know why?"}
{"text": "My 50 year brother did a chest X-ray that came back with the following result: Moderately Enlarged Cardiac Size with CTR =0.57. Unfolded Aortic Arch. Increased Hilar Bronchia Markings. No Obvious Bone Fracture Or Dislocation. No obvious Effusion. Impression: Cardiomypathy (HHD) with     Associated Chest Infection. Please what does this mean and what do we do next. Thanks s lot for caring and for your anticipated answer", "title": "My 50 year brother did a chest X-ray here are results, what do we do next?"}
{"text": "Hi there, I broke my collarbone back in 2009 when a girl tackled me onto my side onto ice. I passed out so I\u2019m not entirely sure how I fell, but I know I fell on my shoulder hard and must have hit my head as well. My collarbone broke in 3 spots on my right side. I was 13 at the time so doctors freaked me out a lot, but they still kind of do. Enough for me not to want to visit the doctors regarding this issue a least. Anyways, my chest seems to have become a bit deformed since the incident. From my collarbone down to between my breast, the centre of my chest protrudes enough that it makes my breasts push downwards and outwards a bit. It\u2019s not painful at all unless I lay on my stomach and have pressure on my chest for too long, but it\u2019s definitely not something I\u2019d like to deal with the rest of my life. I was wondering if anything could maybe be done without surgery, like a posture sling or compression on the chest of some sort\u2026 I tried to take a photo but without completely exposing myself, it\u2019s very hard to show what I mean. It\u2019s like a pigeon chest, but what I\u2019ve noticed about pigeon chests is that it seems to be lower and not start by the collarbone, and that it then sinks in as well as protrude, which mine does not", "title": "I broke my collarbone back in 2009, my chest seems to have become a bit deformed since the incident?"}
{"text": "Hello I have been having irregular periods for a few years now I have pain in my lower abdomen and back I am also trying to have a baby but nothing is working I also have have frequent urination ,I try many pills to regulate it but its not working and I would really love to get pregnant can u help me pleas", "title": "I have Irregular periods and I am trying to get pregnant?"}
{"text": "Burning pain in pelvic, lower abdomen & intestines. No fever\nI\u2019m experiencing burning pain in the pelvic area for the last couple of months as well as in the very low abdomen area, and lower back, bladder and intestines. It improves when I\u2019m up but gets worse when I\u2019m sleeping.  It also improves after a bowel movement or when I empty my bladder but I don\u2019t have a sense of urgency to urinate.  I had a hysterectomy (everything) removed years ago so can\u2019t say it\u2019s anything like that.  It feels like fire in all the areas described. I\u2019m having a hard time sleeping and feeling tired as a result I have not had a fever. I moved here about 4 months ago and have not found a doctor. 46 Femal", "title": "I have a burning pain in pelvic, lower abdomen & intestines?"}
{"text": "Over the weekend i was using energy supplements followed with extreme physical activity most of the day. When i had woken up monday, i was incredibly dizzy and almost had a drunk feeling. Today , the feeling is still here, and i also passed out earlier. I take three medications including abilify, lexapro, and lamictal (cant remember how to spell it). This is the first time i had ever felt like this and am concerned as to whether this will pass, or i need medical attention. Age:20 Mal", "title": "I had energy supplements  now feeling dizzy and passed out today?"}
{"text": "I am a 46 year old female.  I had my gallbladder removed in April of 2015.  The doctor said it was not working.  I am still having severe pain, that I have to go to the ER.  What is going on?  Is there a medical term used for this type of condition? I had the scope done in February, and nothing showed up but two polyps and both were benign. I am really getting scared because nothing has been found. The last visit to the ER, they did blood work.  Would the blood work have shown if I have cancer or not, or is there a certain test they have to do to check for cancer?  Also my blood pressure was up and my heart rate was 138.  Please help", "title": "I had my gallbladder removed in April of 2015, I am still having severe pain?"}
{"text": "My mom has a lot of problems kidney failure diabetes sarcoidosis heart failure etc she has these big knots as I should say every where in her body ? The doctors are not doing everything about it and don\u2019t know what it is . It\u2019s everywhere and I could also send pics it\u2019s that big any thoughts of what it could be", "title": "My mom has, kidney failure diabetes sarcoidosis heart failure  she now has these big knots why?"}
{"text": "I am 27 years old boy. I am facing breathing difficulties for last 1 year. Pressure and tightness on left and middle chest. Discomfort on upper back and neck. If I sit on chair I can not keep my spine straight, feel very weak. Also after walking some distance feel breathing difficulty and chest pressure. I have visited chest specialist, cardiologist. I have done some test like chest xrays, ECG, ECHO Color, Blood test. All reports are ok. Done MRI of spine. Report comes with disk bulge in c4-c5 level. Others are ok. I also visited physical medicine specialist and he gave me Brufen SR tablets and some anti depression tablets. I have little chest pain not much. But discomfort on back and chest and breathing difficulty making my life very miserable. Sometimes I feel very awkward like 1 or 2 kicks(bits or vibration like for 1 or 2 seconds) on middle of my upper chest which feels like I am getting heart attack. When I hear any bad news and then feel very bad on my left chest.\nI am a software engineer and I can not work effectively in my office. Please advice me what I have to do and what is causing this problems.\nThanks in advance", "title": "I am facing breathing difficulties for last 1 year,  my doctors can\u2019t identify problem?"}
{"text": "My mother underwent TB treatment for one year recently with Levofloxacin 750 & ethambutol 1000, after a spate of failed treatment of six months, two years ago, with ethambutol 800, isoniazid, rifampicin, pyrozinamide. Her symptoms disappeared totally. Her pulmonologist stopped her medicines.He did not do a AFB test on stoppage of treatment.  After stoppage of treatment for 15 days she was absolutely fine. Since last two days she has started getting fever (100+) once again in the evenings. Could it be a case of incomplete cure or relapse of TB? very Mild cough with phlegm has also appeared since yesterday", "title": "My mother underwent Tuberculosis (TB) treatment, now started getting fever is it incomplete cure or relapse of TB?"}
{"text": "I have a lot of abdominal pain one side,up near the ribs and lower down in the pelvic region,especially when I pass urine,this is very painful.\nI had a operation to repair a prolapse 5 weeks ago.\nI had a catheter in for 5 days after\nAfter it was taken out I had a water infection,I was given some antibiotics,they didn\u2019t work,so they prescribed some others as there were high white blood cells in the urine.before the abiotic were finished I went back to the doctors as I still did not feel right,there were still high white blood cells in the urine.bloods were done,nothing was found.i was still in pain so contacted them again,still had high white blood cells in urine,but still wasn\u2019t given anything,bloods were repeated again,but said no sign of infection,although I was still in pain when urinating. I am now getting throbbing pain the other side of my abdomen,just under my ribs and getting pain on the backs of my leg", "title": "I have a lot of abdominal pain one side,up near the ribs and lower down in the pelvic region?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) I am 25 years old exactly 11 weeks ago today I had cold coagulation for (cin) cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 3 on my cervix I have bleeding since that day I finished my contraceptive injection one week ago aswell\nI have bleeding every single day for 11 weeks solid it\u2019s has been pink red and brown I\u2019ve had some cramping some back pain but there isn\u2019t a pattern sometimes I can stop for a few hours then it starts again last week was the heaviest it has been and now it has turned back brown and black blood\nI do t know what else to do I\u2019m not in any pain no", "title": "I had cold coagulation for (cin) cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, I have bleeding since that day?"}
{"text": "No babies heart rate but still hear placenta\nI was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at 38 weeks and 3 days. I can still hear the placenta today working hard and beating away at around 120 bpm. Is this normal? Or could the baby\u2019s heart rate be so low that it was. It heard?  I was induced yesterday and sent home- have to return to hospital tomorrow to deliver a dead baby, so need an answer as soon as possible", "title": "I was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at 38 weeks and 3 days?"}
{"text": "My husband is 42y/o Hx. of stroke 1 year ago.  He awakened yesterday complaining of heaviness to his left arm.  As the day went his stated that he heaviness subsided.  Since then stroke he still has weakness is his left arm and dexterity issues to his left hand. Today I noticed that his arm appeared more \u201cflopping\u201d  just appeared to hang more.  I asked him to open and close his hand and there were definite changes.  But they would come and go.  He is tired and sleepy. I know about stroke fatigue and I am an RN.  I have assessed him head to toe and I cannot find any other symptoms indicating another stroke or TIA.  It appears he is having a set back and that has not happened before.  Is this a common occurrence or do I need to be worried?  Please help", "title": "My husband is 42y/o Hx. of stroke 1 year ago.  He awakened yesterday complaining of heaviness to his left arm?"}
{"text": "My wife kept taking primolut-n for five days for regularize the three months delayed period after the pregnancy test showing negative, but after 15 days not started period, so meet with the doctor and checked blood, that time result came positive. She did taken 15 tablets without knowing that she was pregnant and now when her pregnancy test came positive we are very worried if the pill is going to have an adverse effect on the baby or it can cause any deformities to the fetus please answer it for us.\nAnother factor is that she was fever around 5 days  on first week of april and taken paracetamol tablet at that time .Is there any problem?Is any problem to continue this pregnency?Please advise sir.Thanks in advance\nLMP 5.3.2017\nGA 9week", "title": "My wife kept taking primolut-n even after pregnancy, is there a problem?"}
{"text": "I received cortisone shots in my scalp for the purpose of hair growth but the shot left me with hyper pigmentation. Each area that the shot was applied has a white spot in the area making it visible where I received each shot. No hair has grown in those areas at all. I received the shot January 31, 2017. Today is May 16, 2017 and I have yet to see any improvement.  Is there anything I can do to reverse what looks like blotch white spots on my scalp? It\u2019s very noticeable because the spots are so much lighter than my regular complexio", "title": "I received cortisone shots in my scalp for the purpose of hair growth but the shot left me with hyper pigmentation?"}
{"text": "My daughter (24yo caucasian) recently had an overnight layover in Xianmen China and noticed the next day what looked like bug bites over much of her body. The bites are not itchy, but there is a growing irregular shaped dark red rash around most of them. The attached photo shows the progression from mild redness on day 2 to dark red irregular rash on day 4. She doesn\u2019t think she has a fever, but has felt some perhaps unrelated instances of nausea and headache. She\u2019s currently in Japan for an extended stay", "title": "My daughter developed a rash on legs, may have been bug bites?"}
{"text": "I just found out that I am pregnant. I have calculated that I am currently four weeks pregnant, however in the last 3 weeks I have taken the morning after pill twice. I have also taken a 7-day course of 50mg fluconazole oral tablets.Would there be any adverse effects on the fetus due to the medication I have taken?Thank Yo", "title": "I am pregnant however I have taken the morning after pill twice any adverse effects on the fetus?"}
{"text": "i have injury in  right leg knee and the report of MRI as follow\nMRI report:\nThe ACL could not be seen near its femoral attachment while the rest of its fibers are seen sagging on the tibial surface with intra substance areas of high signal intensity in all pulse sequences.\nAbnormal high SI bone marrow area on T2WIs and STIR images seen at the opposing lateral femoral condyle and lateral aspect of the tibial plateau.\nNormal MRI appearance of both menisci, PCL, collateral and patellar articular ligaments as well as the quadriceps and infra patellar tendons.\nMild intra articular joint effusion is noted.\nNormal marrow signals of the examined bones and the overlying articular cartilages.\nIntact peri-articular musculature with preserved intervening fat planes,Findings are those of complete tear of ACL with mild knee joint effusioni would ask if this case need surgery or there is option an medicine treatment", "title": "I have injury in  right leg, need surgery or is there another option?"}
{"text": "I was detected with the HBsAg positive in 2013. Afterwards, i took antiviral drug. After one year, my dna load become undetectable but ALT level and billurubin was a still abnormal. Now, my ultrasound is normal. Alt level is 71 and billurubin is also 2.1. My viral load is not detected while hbeag is negative and anti hbe is positive.\nWhat should i do now?\ncan hbsag become negative in my case?\nmy gender is male and age is 24", "title": "I was detected with the HBsAg positive, What should i do now?"}
{"text": "I recently got a implant done, but during my healing / antibiotics stage \u2013 my tongue started to appear like I have oral thrush (white hair \u2013 very sticky, and can be scrubbed off with no pain). Red dots all around an large bumps at the back of my tongue. This is no where else in my mouth but my tongue.\nI was prescribed Nystatin, but it did not work. I was recently prescribed another mouthwash similar to nystatin but nothing is changing with my mouth. There is no pain anywhere else, minus the odd muscle pains in the legs (started about a week ago).\nI also just noticed that I have white scars on penis. I\u2019m not 100% sure when this started, but I noticed it in the last couple days. There is no pain and the scars are about 1mm in dia and are on the shaft of the penis and balls.\nIs there something more that I should be worried about", "title": "I recently got a implant done, but during my healing / antibiotics stage \u2013 my tongue started to appear like I have oral thrush?"}
{"text": "Good day i am a 27 yr old male with painful swelling in both calfs and behind both knee. I have had a bi lateral anterior faciotomy and ankle spurs removed from both legs but approximately 18 months post op the pain is getting worse and i have very limited mobility in my ankles. I have spent 7 years in the Canadian armed forces which required alot of running and ruck marches prior to the start of this pain 2 -3 years ago. I have been to see physio, osteopathists, surgions, reumotologists and the pain clinic. All doctors i have seen say there is a large amount of swelling in my calfs but have all been puzzled as to why. Thank you for your time", "title": "I have painful swelling in both calfs and behind both knees, doctors are puzzled, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I had a lumbar laminectomy / discectomy on the L5-S1 around 8-9 months ago for some pretty painful sciatica shooting down my left leg from my gluteal region. I was doing pretty well until last week, and noticed that I had some sensitivity behind my outer left knee. The sensitivity is not debilitating, but really notable. Could I have possibly re-herniated? or can this be corrected? I have not had any pain yet from my gluteal region nor my lower back. I have just started my gabapentin treatment again, I also had an occurrence today when I coughed and my upper left gluteal region issued me some sharp pain. Am I experiencing a recurrence of a herniated disc again", "title": "I had a lumbar laminectomy / discectomy on the L5-S1 around 8-9 months ago for some pretty painful sciatica?"}
{"text": "I have had spine problems since an accident in 1992 when I hit my head on low door way twisted my head fell with my shoulders on hard floor and also broke my tibia and fibia.The symptoms after that started were wide and varied I have been bedridden for last 3 years in chronic pain.I beleive when I had the accident it caused problems around  T1 possibly prolapsed disc. The symptoms from this pain down sides stomach and groin pain.  My neck and upper back have basically ceased up. I get  loud cracking in my head heard by me and if loud crack others in room. I have just been diagnosed with problem at C3 nothing about T1.\nI assume when you have a prolapsed disc at this level T1 it is generally left.\nI have just managed to  sort the muscles out and pain downwards has stopped.. When you have sciatic pain  it can stop and start again years later. I believe with thoracic referred pain the problem continues as this area does not move. I by any chance it moves and the pain stops is there any chance it will stay ok  similar to when sciatica goes", "title": "I have had spine problems since an accident in 1992?"}
{"text": "My wife has had an Ilia conduit operation 6 years ago & has a Stoma bag. She has a constant urine infection & has had to take antibiotics regularly as she has developed Kidney problems.  Her urine is burning her flesh area around the Stoma and is causing crystals to form. She has been told to dab the area with white vinegar. A very painful experience every time, That area hurts all the time but however she has done this and after two weeks, they went.  Very upset to see the crystals have returned after just two days. What else can she do to relieve the situation?\nThank you Doctor", "title": "My wife has had an Ilia conduit operation 6 years ago & has a Stoma bag, crystals forming with burning sensation?"}
{"text": "Hello all.  I am very worried.  My 14 1/2 year old daughter has been getting a little bruise looking purplish rash on her earlobe for about a year.  It lasts a few days then goes away completely.  It returns every other week, sometimes once a month. I mentioned it to her doctor last year, and he did a cbc, and said it was normal, no need to worry. This week, she had a small one on her face, so I took her to the doctor. They ran a bunch of blood tests. CBC w/diffential, Metabolic panel, Bleeding time, PTT, antinuclear.  The doctor said everything looks good, that it is idiopathic, but not ITP because her platelets are NOT low.  I was worried about lieukemia.  That is why I took her.  I want to believe that these things just happen, can you please shed light on this?  Please help me, I am so scared.   during visit before bloodwork , doctors called it petechiae or purpura, on the internet it was all bad and scary reasons for these. Can these really happen for no reason?  They told me no treatment needed", "title": "My 14 1/2 year old daughter has been getting a little bruise looking purplish rash on her earlobe for about a year?"}
{"text": "My mother is 91 and lives in Aged Care. She is wheelchair bound and cannot walk by herself at all. Two days ago a locum advised that she has Cellulitis in her leg and started her on a course of antibiotics. Today her regular doctor advised that he thinks it might be DVT instead as the swelling goes from her groin to her ankle. He advised that we could do a test to check if it is DVT but there is no point if we are not prepared to put her on anti-coagulants. I have done some googling and there seems to be differing opinions about giving anti-coagulants to the elderly. I am looking for a second opinion as this is a very difficult decision for me to make", "title": "My mother is 91 requires anti-coagulants, need second medical opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi I am in a lot of pain right now and can not lay down. I am having major muscle spasms in my lower back. I have been diagnosed with Sciatica about 3 months ago. Long story short I did a light workout exactly a week ago which caused my right knee to sprain. Two days after it was Friday I started feeling my sciatic nerve pain come back. Now it exactly a week later. I went to the hospital last night, and also this morning because the spasms are unbearable. I don\u2019t have a family doctor at the moment. They gave me a prescription for flexiril which has helped me in the past but this time it seems to be getting worse. I am restless and everytime I go to lay down the spasms start. I am traumatized by the spasm attacks from these last 2 days I don\u2019t even want to bother laying down but even when I try it literally makes me want to die that is how bad the spasms are. I know usually what to do to subside the pain, but NOTHING is helping. Nothing.  I am 24 yrs old. Female. 150lbs. 5\u20191 height", "title": "I am having major muscle spasms in my lower back. I have been diagnosed with Sciatica?"}
{"text": "My wife\u2019s latest ultra sound shows 4 cysts in her ovary, Sizes are 1) 2.1 x 2.1 x 1.7 2) 2.1 x 1.7 x 1.8 3) 3.1 x 3.0 x 1.3 4) 1.8 x .2 x 1.3. Her first ovary and tubes are removed 2 years before due to another ovarian cyst.\nShe is 34 and our kid is 6 yrs old. We are looking forward to have a second kid. As per the Sonohysterogram, her remaining Fallopian tube is blocked. We are looking for the possibility of IVF In Vitro Fertilization,\nCould you please advise me the chances for (IVF) In Vitro Fertilization", "title": "My wife\u2019s latest ultra sound shows 4 cysts in her ovary what are chances for (IVF) In Vitro Fertilization?"}
{"text": "21yo\nconcern: hyperpigmentation\ni have darker face skin but my body is a lot lighter. i have tried exfoliation, de tanning and protected from sun exposure and everything that has to be done to take care of face. So far, nothing has helped and my skin has even become more dark. how can i get my original color back", "title": "I have darker face skin but my body is a lot lighter  how can i get my original color back?"}
{"text": "I am a 70 year old man and I was circumcised about two years ago. I think my urologist did a poor job. Since the surgery I have had constant itching around the head of my penis. The itching is s bad that I can bear the pain caused by rubbing it raw more than I can bear the itching. My MD prescribed a steroidal cream that I used for about a year but that didn\u2019t really help ether. I use Vaseline intensive care but it really doesn\u2019t help. I moved and no longer have a doctor available. Is there anything I can do to stop this unbearable itching", "title": "I think my urologist did a poor job with my circumcision?"}
{"text": "Dear Dr. I had an sexual intercourse with an escort nearly 7 months ago..It last only 2 minutes..I used condom But I\u2019m not sure I have safe sex..\u0130n these term I have several Anti-Hiv test. After 37,65,88,112,120,150,180,189 and 200. All of them was negative..I attached my last test result..I\u2019d like to ask you\u2026I\u2019m totally free from hiv or need re-test until for example one years..Thanks for your help.", "title": "I have had several Hiv tests, I\u2019d like to ask you\u2026I\u2019m totally free from hiv or need re-test?"}
{"text": "My question is i have trouble ejaculating during sex\u2026been single 18mths but was a problem with ex girlfriend intermittently.I have had semen checked and basically was told I have a low sperm count and may have trouble getting someone pregnant.I have varicoceles in both testes which im guessing doesnt help.\nMy gp gave me prescription for a testosterone injection which lasted a few months and did increase my sex drive\nI am able to ejaculate through masturbation (once or twice a week) with little difficulty with the assistance of porn..lol\nI think part of the problem is mental..fear of not ejaculating\nBeen with plenty of partners since being single but this problem doesn\u2019t help\nId love to father a child but maybe am reluctant to get in a relationship with this problem\nI know I could go to a fertility clinic but it is difficult and embarrassing to talk about,I know there is an operation for varicocels which may help but sounds painful\nI don\u2019t have trouble getting girls but am a bit fussy,and time is running out to be a dad..Any advice much appreciated\nI also read about \u201cdeath grip syndrome\u201d masturbation which could be a factor in my problem?\nI\u2019m a 43yr old single male..87kg  179c", "title": "I have varicoceles, a low sperm count reluctant to get in a relationship with this problem?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 32 years old male from Sri Lanka. I had a perfect vision until I suddenly developed a double vision when i was on a Europe trip. This happened on the 17th of April 2017. I had a severe headache by around the 14th and I took paracetamol. I noticed a change of focus on my left eye sight corner with the headache. I rested well thinking this is for tiredness. On the 17th morning when I woke up I had developed double vision. I have to close one eye to have a clear vision. Checked with eye specialists in Paris and they said my eye pressure is normal and nothing wrong with the vision (as i could see clearly with one eye closed) and no change in structure. Within a week people started noticing a squint too. I came back to Sri Lanka only on the 1st of May. Consulted Neuro specialists and Eye specialists. They did many tests including MRI, sugar, thyroid, cholesterol, ANA, chest x Ray etc and all reports were normal. The eye pictures were also normal. Hess test showed that there is a problem with the focus and that there is quite a noticeable squint. As all reports are normal doctors cannot diagnose what\u2019s wrong with me. They advised me to just stay like this and it will go off. I\u2019m on medixone for the last two weeks. But I don\u2019t see any improvement in my double vision condition or the squint. I get the headache too on and off. And my left eye vision is now slightly blurred. Please let me know doctor what this condition is and what treatment is available? Looking forward to hear from you as I\u2019m really in a helpless situation with no hope here for a quick recovery", "title": "I had a perfect vision until I suddenly developed a double vision when I was on a Europe trip, doctors cannot diagnose what\u2019s wrong with me?"}
{"text": "As a 21 year old female with hypothyroidism, how should I approach pregnancy? Ie. should I go to my doctor pre pregnancy to talk about adjusting my dosage, should I change my diet or anything like this", "title": "I have hypothyroidism how should I approach pregnancy?"}
{"text": "My son will be 7 in a few weeks. The past 2 years he has been experiencing leg pain. It originally started out with transient synovitis. He has had 4 x-rays and 1 blood test and 1 ultra sound in the past 2 years and nothing shows up. He is constantly complaining. His left leg sometimes gives out on him when he is just walking. He does not have a limp or any swelling or redness.\nI am getting really frustrated because we are not getting any answers and he\u2019s suffering", "title": "My son  has been experiencing leg pain we are not getting any answers and he\u2019s suffering?"}
{"text": "My Dad is having difficulty breathing as a result of heart failure and 250mcg of digoxin as prescribed by a Nigerian doctor at the hospital is administered to him daily. He is an adult of 84 years, and now he is having a total dehydration of the body(skin) and if one touches him he feels pains. Also, if we discontinue giving him the prescription dosage, he complains of difficulty in breathing. We have done series medical test upon test to determine exactly what is affecting him before the doctor gave that prescription.. Kindly let me know what we can do to help him.", "title": "My Dad is having difficulty breathing as a result of heart failure and 250mcg of digoxin as prescribed?"}
{"text": "Hi a registered nurse here from the Philippines. I just want a clarification regarding intravenous access on the abdominal wall vein. We have this patient who\u2019s veins on upper and lower extremities are no longer accessible due to multiple peripheral insertion. The patient needed intravenous access for her IV meds. Abdominal wall vein was used as an access. Is it allowed for a nurse to access an intravenous site on the abdominal wall vein? What are the complications of abdominal intravenous access? Thank you. Your response is highly appreciated", "title": "We have this patient who\u2019s veins on upper and lower extremities are no longer accessible due to multiple peripheral insertion?"}
{"text": "I am a 25 year old female 1st year medical student, I have had throbbing pain under my 8th -10th left ribs that can fluctuates to unnoticeable to an 8. At the mid axillary line and seems to radiate towards the back and the front. I think it is worse in the evening.  I have had the pain for 3 months originally it was accompanied by skeletal muscular pain near my scapula, which has since gone away since using a heating pad. The rib pain is worse when I am seated upright cross legged and is relieved by relaxed inhalation. Made worse by both forced inhalation and exhalation. The pain started off feeling like a stitch that wouldn\u2019t go away and has shifted to more throbbing. I tried rubbing it out thinking it is just skeletal muscle pain just is an atypical location, I tried rubbing it out and all I ended up with was a bruise. I take Effexor (150mg) (been on it approx 4 months) for depression and vyvanse for add (on approx 5 years),  I also have mirena (IUD). I am getting dizzy when i stand up and in the morning if I get out of bed to quickly I will make it a few steps before I need to sit down I will start getting dark spots in my vision. I had my blood pressure taken a month or so ago its was 112/84. I  am worried that it might be something with my kidney or spleen or plura and hoping it is just med student idice acting up.relevant negatives\nnot pregnant\nno unexplained weight changes\nno fever\nno cough\nno urinary problems\nno blood or mucus  in stool\nno obvious swollen lymph nodes\nno changes in diet or life style\nno changes in slee", "title": "I have had throbbing pain under my 8th -10th left ribs that can fluctuates to unnoticeable to an 8?"}
{"text": "I am a 66 yr. old woman. My left leg is  swollen  just above the knee to the foot.  It is almost 3 times the size of the right leg.  It is very red, hot to the touch.  I have a knee replacement almost 3 yrs. old. Do I need to see a doctor.  I have been off it a good bit but resting and elevating it has not helped", "title": "I have a knee replacement, my left leg is  swollen  just above the knee to the foot?"}
{"text": "Hello,  my wife is really considering gastric sleeve surgery she\u2019s 5\u20192 180lbs and 30 years of age we have 3 kids together I\u2019m wondering will it have long term affect on her health 10/20 years down the line she\u2019s also looking into having done out of country in Mexico is it safe to have surgery are travel and stay a few days in Mexico ETC? any help is greatly appreciated thanks", "title": "My wife is really considering gastric sleeve surgery in Mexico, is it safe?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m 23yo male, I had a pain in my neck started since 2013, the pain is medium to High. 24/7 till today, I had a TD scan and a MRI scan both results stated that I have a small herniated disk C5C6 does not touch the main nerve very much, other than this structure is well n fine. all doctors told me that it\u2019s nothing serious and shouldn\u2019t be a problem at all. But the pain is incredible , I can\u2019t work, I can\u2019t practice sport anymore, I can\u2019t even walk!! I have to drive my way to destinations,\nPS: I have a small scoliosis probably 4or 5degrees, sometimes it hurt a little sometimes it doesn\u2019t .What is wrong with me?! Does the MRI is not able to shows nerves?, do I have nerves problem", "title": "I have a small herniated disk C5C6 does not touch the main nerve, but the pain is incredible , I can\u2019t work, I can\u2019t practice sport anymore, I can\u2019t even walk?"}
{"text": "I want to know about PAN, and how to take care of someone has this disease, what to eat , and if it\u2019s important to do sports maybe , i want to know if he can be fine again , he has PAN since 4grade or something and now he\u2019s 22yearsold .. He always feel a lot of pain, and he loses a lot of weight he\u2019s 46kg and 160cm ..i want to know how to take care of him beside his medicine please \u2026 And i want to know if we had a baby ,the PAN will be in our baby or not?! And i want to know if i will have the PAN if we had se", "title": "I live with a person with Polyarteritis nodosa PAN, need advice?"}
{"text": "Female 58yrs.for the last 3months Ive been experiencing constant burn sensation on my mouth. It affects my tongue,lips. Only stop when I sleep. I have bed prescribed an anti fungal. Anti viral. Liryca. Nothing seams to work. I also tried increasing vitamin b. Now I will try alpha lipoid acid. Waiting to see a mouth specialist. Also when I get up I have an oily waxy film in my mouth. It goes away with a Sinutab. I am on blood pressure pills. Been on it for yrs. I take a imovane to help me sleep i been on it for years. No new meds lately. Please help it really affects my daily life. My mood and my taste buds", "title": "Ive been experiencing constant burn sensation on my mouth. It affects my tongue,lips?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 20 and have levels of estradiol and progesterone below the level of detection while levels of FSH, prolactin, thyroid hormones and haematology are normal. I also have severe neurological symptoms like permanent exhaustion, worsening memory, lack of concentration, anxiety and depression. It also involves increased heart rate (but low blood pressure), hot and cold flashes, hair loss and lack of menstruation (for 6 months). I don\u2019t know what to do and where to start because I haven\u2019t received any sensible diagnosis yet and seeing a specialist requires queuing \u2013 at the moment i cannot function normally and I would be really grateful for any suggestions, even guesses", "title": "I have severe neurological symptoms like permanent exhaustion, worsening memory, lack of concentration, anxiety and depression?"}
{"text": "I am a 57 year old female who has had annual mammograms since 40.  On about 5 occasions I have been called back for a diagnostic mammogram and or sonogram. Everything at that point had been normal. This year I was called back to have a sonogram in my right breast after having a 3d mammogram. I have no palpable masses. My Dr. went ahead and ordered a bilateral sonogram. Upon receiving my results I was told that I need a biopsy in my left breast; the one that they had not seen anything on the 3d mammogram and my right breast was fine. I\u2019m confused. If my Dr. Had not ordered the bilateral, would I have been given the all clear? Should I be having sonogram with my annual mammograms every year?  Of course I\u2019m having biopsy.\nI\u2019m very pro active with my healthcare", "title": "I was told that I need a biopsy in my left breast, but I have no palpable masses?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m struggling for 2 years now with  pain in neck going into the left side of my head.The pain is so bad that I can\u2019t even put my head to lay down.  When the pain starts I wake up with it feel my head is to heavy for my neck. I feel unbalanced. I went for the past 2 years to see the doctor and every time they tell  me is muscle spasm.  I went  to the dr other day for same  thing she send me for sonar and found I got 2 lymph notes the sizes is 22.3mm I went for blood test came back with high on lymphocytes, white blood sells.  They keep giving me something for infection and spasm a but it doesn\u2019t stop. I went for MRI scan  and on there it showed that by the c5 and c6  fasets is something thick. The Dr said there is nothing wrong. What should I do. I feel like giving up and just living with this pain", "title": "I\u2019m struggling for 2 years now with  pain in neck , doctors keep giving me something for infection and spasm but it doesn\u2019t stop?"}
{"text": "I am 29 Y.O. female. 10 weeks pregnant with prior back issues that have been under control for about a year now. Previous pregnancy being a miscarriage. I am having severe back pain, headache for past few days, and diarrhea past couple days that accompanies the back pain. Is this something I should go to ER about? I called my OBGYN and left couple voicemails with no response from them. I have zero bleeding or abdominal cramping", "title": "I am 10 weeks pregnant  I am having severe back pain, headache for past few days?"}
{"text": "I am a 59 year old, extremely healthy female. In 2009 I had a blood panel that came up completely normal and clear for STDs.  I am completely not sexually active and have been since 2008, yet a recent blood panel showed that I have Herpes!! How can this be?! I have racked my brain and the only thing my gentiles have touched outside of my home is the side of the tanning machine at my gym as I laid down in it. The bed activity stays busy! It is cleaned between users but not adequately and seldom on the edges where you have to initially sit to enter; there are often smears on the shiny surface.  New users enter the bed within 5 minutes of the last so it is still very warm. Is it possible that this is where I contracted Herpes? I am mortified at having this as I never been very active sexually absolutely know I haven\u2019t since 2008. How can this be", "title": "I believe I contracted Herpes from tanning machine at gym?"}
{"text": "I am a married woman of 27 years\u2019 age. My weight is 75 kg and height 5 feet 6 inches.\nSince Nov 16 I have been trying for pregnancy. After that my regular menstrual cycle of 28 days used to get delayed by 6 to 10 days.However, my last  menstrual period started on 23.02.17. On 24.03.17, I noticed some red rashes on my face and upper part of body with over 100 degree Fahrenheit temperature. I didn\u2019t go for any test or Doctor. I took one or two anti-allergic tablets as i previously had little bit allergic problems with chilli or hot things. After two days I was o.k.\nHowever, as my menstrual cycle didn\u2019t recur, I went for USG test on 20.4.17, and it  confirmed me as pregnant and detected a single live fetus of approximately seven weeks one day.\nHowever, my doctor advised me to undergo rubella IgG test along with certain other routine tests. All other test reports were o.k.\nBut Rubella IgG test done on 18.4.17 in A LAB showed the result to be Positive (340 IU/ml) Reference range used was: <10 IU/ml=negative, 10 to 15IU/ml=equivocal, >15IU/ml=positive. My doctor told me that I was immune against rubella, so i need not be worried and should not go for rubella IgM test (as i had recent history of red rashes) since it can\u2019t be detected so late. I was not satisfied, and on 27.4.17 I went for both rubella IgG and IgM tests done in \u2018B\u2019 Lab. The result was anti Rubella antibody IgG: 308.61IU/ml\u2026\u2026reference range used is negative: <10.0, positive >10.0.\nAnti rubella antibody IgM was: 121.43 AU/ml\u2026reference range used is negative: <20.00, positive >25.00, equivocal: 20.00-25.00However, I was perplexed and I wanted to be sure about my rubella infection.\nOn 4.5.17, again I went for both rubella IgG and IgM tests done in \u2018A\u2019 lab. It detected rubella antibody IgG as 291 IU/ml\u2026.Reference range used was: <10 IU/ml=negative, 10 to 15 IU/ml=equivocal, >15 IU/ml=positive.It also detected rubella antibody IgM as positive (1.50)\u2026.Reference range used was: <0.8 index =negative, 0.8 to 1.2 index =equivocal, >1.2 index=positive.Sir, my question is do you find any inconsistency in the reports of different labs for tests done  on different dates? Why is rubella IgG which stays lifelong unchanged is decreasing? And the most important question is will my Baby be affected by this infection which occurred in early pregnancy? I don\u2019t want to give birth to a crippled or abnormal child.But it is my first pregnancy. What should I do? Should I go for abortion? Will it cause any problem to my future pregnancy? After how many days of abortion, I can try for next pregnancy? What steps need to be taken after abortion in this regard? Please advise", "title": "I had Rubella during pregnancy, will child be crippled or abnormal, should I get an abortion?"}
{"text": "39/female, with diagnoses of fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis.   I have extreme numbness and tingling in my wrists arms hands and fingers, severe jaw and shoulder pain. Breathing seems tiresome. I\u2019m am scared, in pain, shaky and weak. Have started having wetting accidents. Bad headaches.  I get sweaty and have fallen once and injured my ankle. Is this something I need immediate help with", "title": "I have fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis I have extreme numbness and tingling in my wrists arms hands and fingers, severe jaw and shoulder pain?"}
{"text": "60 year old male. I had fever, bad cough, pain and chills for a week. Now all back to normal. But during the week I\nhad diarrhea. Now after the fever and symptoms have subsided I continue to have diarrhea. What can be the cause of the diarrhea and why do I still have it?What can I do to stop the diarrhea?Are there any tests that I should do?Is the diarrhea a sign of a another problem?I take no meds other than synthroid for thyroid and (low-dose) pills for high blood pressure", "title": "I had fever, bad cough, pain and chills for a week?"}
{"text": "I am 27 years old female.\nI have been suffering of imbalance, exhaustion, lack of focus and nervousness\u2026and I have also been suffering from pain in my right area of stomach comes and goes for a while.\nSo I made a complete blood test to check up, and the result shows lack of white blood cells (3.4) and high lymphocytes percentage (60%).\nWith this comment: mild leukopenia. relative lymphocytosis with few reactive lymphocytes.\nSo please I want to know what does it means and do I have to make any further tests", "title": "I have been suffering of imbalance, exhaustion, lack of focus and nervousness?"}
{"text": "I am a 69 year old male. 19 days ago today just out of the nowhere I started having severe pain in my lower back and left side abdomen just under my bottom rib. That pain lasted all day but the following day was just like it never happened. Then the third day was back to the same pain again then the fourth day nothing. This pain cycle repeated several times then after 8 or 9 days I started noticing a black tarry stool. There was never any fever and no constipation and only very mild softening of stool during the whole time.The pain episodes were diminishing and the tarry stool was looking normal in about 2 weeks but then I started noticing a lot of mucous surrounding my stool. I had been busy on a work project this whole time and had put off a doctor visit until the 16th day. I called my doctor\u2019s office and went in that day. The doctor did urinalysis, stool test for blood and did bloodwork to check for infection, etc. All these tests came back normal so he scheduled a CT scan for the following morning and the ct scan also came back normal. The doctor put me on ciprofloxan 500mg twice a day and metronidazole 500mg 3 times a day. I had a colonoscopy 2 years ago and 3 polyps were removed.\nThis obviously was/is a GI issue but how could all this have taken place and yet leave no traceable evidence? Should my doctor do other tests or should I just consider this like a health hiccup and forget it", "title": "I started having severe pain in my lower back and left side abdomen just under my bottom rib,  should my doctor do other tests?"}
{"text": "I am a 48 yr old woman and have been gradually feeling numbness AT first in my right hand then numbness and severe pain! It only occurred when I woke in the morning. Now, it is both hands. Total numbness. Starts at 4 am.I awake in excruciating pain and burning . The pain in my hands feels like their being squeezed in some sort of vice and nails pounded through at same time .Radiates up left arm. Im afraid to sleep to wake to this agon", "title": "I have been gradually feeling numbness first in my right hand then numbness and severe pain?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am a 38 female school teacher who has a 6 year old boy in my class with diagnosed Cytomegalovirus (CMV) virus. I wish to get pregnant in the very near future but am afraid to do so while this child is in my care as I have heard that it can lead to severe disabilities in the unborn child. Can you please tell me what you recommend I do as a doctor? Should I avoid trying to get pregnant as long as this child is in my care?", "title": "I wish to get pregnant but I am in contact with a person with Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection?"}
{"text": "Hello, a few years ago I was diagnosed with a brain tumor as well as fluid on the brain. At the time I had a shunt put in to remove the fluid but from what I recall the tumor was too deep to be able to do anything with it. I am 34, a month away from 35. This was about 4 years ago. Recently I have been losing a lot of my memory, it generally happens when I wake up. It was happening a lot but normally my memory would come back within a few minutes to a few hours, but today it\u2019s been a few hours since I woke up and I can barely remember the last week. It took me a few hours to remember who I am and where I am. From the little I do remember and what  my flatmate has said, it seems to be getting worse lately and I\u2019m not sure what to do. Any ideas", "title": "I was diagnosed with a brain tumor as well as fluid on the brain, losing memory?"}
{"text": "I am a 33 yr old female.  Almost 2 months ago I was intubated, on a ventilator and sedated in ICU for a week due to respiratory failure, which was a complication of the flu and severe asthma exacerbation. My oxygen level was ok, but my CO2 level kept rising.  At one point a doctor told my husband I might not survive the night because my CO2 was around 73 or 74 mmHg.   I read that severe brain damage and death can occur after 75 mmHg. Surprisingly to everyone, I survived, and my CO2 levels went down to normal and eventually I was sent home.  Ever since then however, I\u2019ve been experiencing severe memory problems.  I forget many conversations and events almost instantly, I can\u2019t remember short lists like I used to, or to do things that I\u2019m told not to forget.  I\u2019ve started having to write lists and set timers for things I never needed reminders for. I have difficulty with daily tasks that used to be routine to me. It\u2019s like I forgot what I was doing and need to orient myself again, which is normal occasionally, but for me it\u2019s a constant daily struggle now.  It\u2019s insanely frustrating and even my husband is starting to question if I suffered some sort of brain damage. Is it possible my memory issues are from the respiratory failure, and are they permanent", "title": "Can CO2 levels of 73 or 74 mmHg during respiratory failure cause some form of brain damage like permanent short term memory loss?"}
{"text": "Since Monday I have been having breathlessness and dizziness which has been almost constant. I am extremely fatigued and have had occasional chest pains accompanying the shortness of breath. The chest pain has been on my right hand side below my collarbone and on my left hand side in the middle of my rib-cage. I have had tingling and numbness in my hands and feet for a number of months and a sore tongue which has a number of ulcers on it. I have a B12 deficiency, Sliding Hiatal hernia and Endometriosis. I am a 20 year old female. I am on b12 injections every 3 months, Levest 30mg and Lansoprazole 30mg. I am not delayed with my B12 injections but am due them at this time, I normally have symptoms when I am due them but they are typically not this sever", "title": "I have been having breathlessness and dizziness which has been almost constant. I am extremely fatigued and have had occasional chest pains?"}
{"text": "I am a 37 year old male.\nI have two main problems:\n1. Lower right Rib pain and tension.\n2. Urinary Incontinence. 1. Lower right Rib pain.\nI am in a deep pain and stress due to the lower right Rib pain i am experiencing since 10 years. I had Xray and ultrasound recently and the results are normal. Will CT scan or MRI reveal any muscle damage/ dislocation to my Rib?\nBefore that i would like to tell my medical history, i have suffered from Phobia, anxiety, major depression  It took a toll on my health and most importantly caused muscle tensions and migraine headaches\u2026I feel my lower right rib has been deformed due to continuous tension over the years, It has compressed more inside the body and i feel poky and pain while breathing and sitting.There is redness is that area.\nwhen i touch the right and left ribs, i can see the difference in their positioning\u2026.the left rib can be felt and seen in normal position, whereas the right rib is compressed inside and i don\u2019t feel the rib bones as much as  the left side.\nI am taking SSRI antidepressant called Lexapro (for anxiety, depression), and it helps 50% in reducing the tension but not enough to relax that area.\nWhat should i do? I have taken Baclofen and it helps to some extent but makes me sleep for long hours and some drowsiness.\nat times i feel like taking Muscle relaxants to relax those lower right rib but i know they can be addicting and harmful in long term. Is there Surgery option to put the ribs back in place so as to fix this issue once for and all ? Can CT Scan and MRI find out the Compression and deformed position of the right lower rib? I am seriously had enough of it, since this rib pain and tension causes me Anxiety and even depressed feelings. I find it difficult to do physical exercises like jogging, Gym due to this and stress makes it worse. Relaxation exercises only helps partially for very  brief duration like 30 mins or so. 2. Urinary incontinence\nSince a year, i have  developed urinary incontinence .I don\u2019t know exact reason for it. It could be the Lexapro drug, but i am taking Lexapro since 7 years. For incontinence i was prescribed Solifenacin 10mg, and its effective upto 70%. I cannot quit lexapro because it is the only Antidepressant which helped me significantly with anxiety and depression. I have relapsed into depression in past due to lexapro withdrawal", "title": "I am in a deep pain and stress due to the lower right Rib pain?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with diabetes in 2015. I had been able to bring my A1C down through lifestyle and diet changes, which allowed me to avoid medication. However, I have been trending up for over a year. My last A1C taken in late April was a 7.0 and my doctor still feels I should stick it out with diet and exercise and to come back in 6 months for another A1C test. Is this normal advice? Shouldn\u2019t he suggest Metformin to try to avoid long term damage for not being in a normal range? I appreciate any advice on this matter. Thank you", "title": "I was diagnosed with diabetes, shouldn\u2019t my doctor suggest Metformin?"}
{"text": "I am a 41 year old female. I thought it was my thyroid, the doctor palpated and was able to feel that it seemed enlarged. Had all the thyroid testing done, everything came back normal. Had an ultrasound they found a 5mm solid nodule and said get another ultrasound in 6 months. I can\u2019t go  another 6 months feeling this way. I feel like there is constantly something in my throat and I have to clear my throat multiple times in 5 minutes, it is worse at night. I get out of breath going up a flight of stairs. Feet, legs and hands are swollen every morning. Hands are numb and tingly also when I wake up. I could sleep for a solid 12 hours and still feel exhausted when I wake up. My legs are so heavy when I walk. I have gained 30 pounds in about 3 months with no change in my diet and I am still gaining and I eat less. Have crazy cravings for sweets, I rarely like sweets, but the cravings are so powerful. Hair is falling out and dry. I have always had a problem with oily hair. My tongue is very sore, anything salty burns my tongue, and it feels like my tongue is swollen, and I have been biting it a lot when I talk. I have always had an excellent memory and now I am very forgetful and I have this brain fog. I can see a visible swelling in my neck, but the ultrasound said it was normal in size, it measured 5.0 x 1.6 x 1.9 cm on the right lobe and 5.4 x 1.0 x 1.4cm on the left lobe.  Anyone have any idea what is wrong with me", "title": "I had an ultrasound they found a 5mm solid nodule and said get another ultrasound in 6 months?"}
{"text": "I am a mum of two my young daughter who is nearly 12 months old had hypotonea she can\u2019t crawl yet and her speech is delayed her father has dyslexia and dyspraxia was just wondering if it\u2019s linked by chance what can I do to help her I believe it\u2019s her core muscles that need toning what do I do I get frustrated cause she wants me to move her around all the time she gets frustrated cause she can\u2019t communicate everything I do for her is a guessing game I\u2019m at my wits end please help m", "title": "My daughter has hypotonea what can I do to help her core muscles?"}
{"text": "I am a male, married for 2 years now and have a 6 month old baby boy. I\u2019ve been following LCHF (Low carb-High Fat) diet for just 2 months only. But for the last 5 months, I feel I\u2019ve lost my libido and erection. Erection does not last for more than 5 minutes. When I tested my testosterone 5 months before starting LCHF, it was only 221. My LCHF mentor told me not to worry about it (at that time, we\u2019ve just had our baby and I didn\u2019t notice my libido went down!). Now, even after 5 months, I\u2019ve lost my libido and erection. My testosterone level has bit increased to 315 now. I am 35 years now. I tested my prolactin and it is within normal range 164 mIU/L (Lab range was: 86-390 mIU/L). I am aware my testosterone is very low, but I am confused as to how I was very effective in sex just 5 months before and now down to zero. Will testosterone drop that fast ? Or is it anything to do mentally", "title": "I\u2019ve been following LCHF (Low carb-High Fat) diet for just 2 months only, please advise?"}
{"text": "I had a professional massage yesterday, not really even deep tissue, but firm pressure. She spent maybe 5 mins. max working on my thigh, it was not overly painful and nothing out of the ordinary but I woke up this morning with  severe pain in my thigh. However, the pain is very central to an area about the size of a silver dollar over the medial edge of my rectus femoris (about 1.5 inches down from my pelvis) and does not radiate unless that part of my leg is touched (even then it goes maybe 2 inches down). When the area is pressed on, even lightly, I get a sharp stinging pain that is so extreme that I have to sit and catch my breath after. I know that the femoral nerve runs around there but my skin has complete feeling, no tingling when touched, I have no pain anywhere else on my leg or groin and no bruising. I have never experienced this type of pain before and am therefore wondering if this is characteristic of a nerve injury or something more severe that I should go to a clinic for (i.e. blood clot, etc.).\nAdditional info that may or may not be pertinent, I had 3 cardiac ablations that went through my thigh) not far from the area of pain). The last one was in Dec. 2015.\nI am 20 years old and in good health.", "title": "I have sharp stinging pain in my thigh after professional massage therapy is it a nerve injury?"}
{"text": "Hi, I was prescribed Norfloxacin for an upper respiratory bacterial infection, after 2 days i got a sever sore throat?\n1. Was that a proper medication prescription?\n2. Is the sore throat an allergic reaction to the antibiotic? I also had mild diarrhea\nThank", "title": "I was prescribed Norfloxacin for an upper respiratory bacterial infection Was that a proper medication prescription?"}
{"text": "Hello there \u2013 Im a 29 year old female and back in march I had the arm implant inserted and didn\u2019t get my period that month.\nAt the end of April, my period started last Thursday and its still going\u2026 I was wondering if this alright if its this long as I haven\u2019t experienced it before or its because I didn\u2019t have a period last month?\nAlso last Friday, me and my partner had an accident where the condom split but we visited the pharmacy who reassured us that I wouldn\u2019t be pregnant even though I was on my period and the implant\u2026\nAnd today, it seems my stomach is heavy and I feel sick so Im not sure if its due to the period/implant or pregnanc", "title": "I had an arm implant inserted, condom broke, pharmacy reassured us that I wouldn\u2019t be pregnant?"}
{"text": "70 year old female Asian\nVery low blood pressure 80/50  I am on blood med for high blood.\nDizzy I am ,vomiting", "title": "Very low blood pressure 80/50  I am on blood med, please advise?"}
{"text": "My partner is a 23 year old woman and suffers from numbness and pins/needles down one side of her body (arms and legs in particular) and has been suffering for approx 2 years.  GP\u2019s keep referring her for one test of another with no success.  She is on her feet 8 hours a day with adequate rest breaks off her feet.  No signs of swelling or other visible signs on her skin.  Blood tests all come back with no problems.  Joints don\u2019t appear to be an issue. Originally was suggested to be Carpol Tunnel syndrome but has since been ruled out.Could you offer any suggestions of what could be causing it", "title": "23 year old woman suffers from numbness and pins/needles down one side of her body?"}
{"text": "I am experiencing a skin rash, especially below my eyebrows and near my eye (white sometimes itchy bumps), eyelash loss, left eye twitching, eyelid inflammation, redness in tear duct, itchiness around both eyes but most in left eye, eye dryness, and small white flakes in hair. This has been happening for about two weeks. It started as an eye twitch in my left eye, and then became itchy. Now I have all of these symptoms. I have taken fluconzale, as well antibiotics. What is causing this", "title": "I am experiencing a skin rash, especially below my eyebrows and near my eye?"}
{"text": "I have been using minoxidil lotion on my scalp to increase hair growth (plus laser therapy and saw palmetto tablets) all as prescribed by a hair loss clinic. I have been doing this since January 2017 . I have noticed slight palpitations and googled a possible connection with Minoxidil. I found that it can give you palpitations and even chest pains. I also suffer somewhat from health anxiety and can\u2019t easily separate fear from genuine physical symptoms. I\u2019m now very worried that I\u2019m going to have a heart attack. If I stop the Minoxidil, all gains will have been lost and I\u2019d have thrown away \u00a3900\u2026I would like to have reassurance that I\u2019m unlikely to damage my heart", "title": "I have been using minoxidil lotion on my scalp prescribed by a hair loss clinic I\u2019m now very worried that I\u2019m going to have a heart attack?"}
{"text": "I am a 54 year old female and a month ago I had sore throat trouble swallowing went to gp was given nose spray for what the dr said was sinus drainage. Then I had ear ache and pain down neck and across shoulders and went to urgent care and was put on antibiotics and ear drops for ear infection.   I then saw an ent cause still having the same symptoms . They put me on stronger ear drops for ear infection. Still having pain I went back to ent they said my neck was stiff and from my tmj was told to put heat on it. I did and week later went back and told dr I was still in pain and trouble swallowing so finally they took scope up nose and down throat and found nothing wrong.  Sent me home. Then I called them again saying it is not better so I went back they ordered a scan of my neck. The next day they called and said it came back with nothing wrong and said I was ok . The pain continued and I started getting lightheaded went back to the gp and got put on steroids. A week later my ears were so stuffed and painful with loud buzzing and can hear my eyes blink. I went to urgent care they put me on stronger steroids and said they had no idea why the other symptoms were happening but that my ear was inflamed.  A week later I started to have night sweats and still pain in neck shoulders down arms and felt week loud buzzing in ears and can hear my eyes blink and lightheaded . I went to er the dr did a test on urine and test my blood all came back fine. He told me it might be a inner ear infection that no one can see and said I might need mri and told me to go to gp. I was hoping they would do it. As I am writing this I am having extreme pain in ears down neck across shoulders down arms feel lightheaded like I am going to vomit buzzing in ears and can hear eyes blink and I am sweating terrible. I feel horrible. No one seems willing to help me. Don\u2019t know what to do. I want to scream. I am still taking the ear drops and steroids I have one day left. Nothing is helping. Please tell me what I should do. I am begging for help", "title": "I have extreme inner ear pain, no solution from my doctors, need help?"}
{"text": "Im (\u2026),  36 i been having this right side pain for some time now but 2 day\u2019s ago my stomach was hurting as well , i went to the er and they did a ultrasound and a x-ray to see why i was having this pain..the doctor said she seen that i had stool not to much and not to little,  plus a stone that is enlarged up there , so drink a lot of water and take stool softener..the pain got bad went to a different er..C-T scan and a ultrasound..no stone was seen and c-t was normal smh but i still have the right side pain in the back of rib cage..i had 2 hernia repair and my appendix remove year\u2019s ag", "title": "I\u2019ve been having this right side pain for some time now my stomach is hurting as well?"}
{"text": "48 year old male. No diseases/ medical history clear.  Addictive \u2013 alcohol and cigarettes. Clean bill of health 3 months ago.Problem: I have \u201cman boobs\u201d. At about 150 pounds im only a little overweight. I was given some drug in Germany 7 years ago and the doctor said \u2013 oh, that happens, it will reverse. It never did.Question: do I need surgery or is there a drug that can help?Thank you, (\u2026", "title": "I have \u201cman boobs\u201d do I need surgery or is there a drug that can help?"}
{"text": "Hi there. I\u2019ve seen various doctors since November 2016 in regard to a \u2018severe ear infection\u2019 \u2013 as all the doctors have described. I\u2019ve been put on amoxicillin and 3 types of ear drop antibiotics since then. Albeit none of these medications have worked. Some days the pain is so unbearable causing me to hold my ears as tight as I can in an effort to relieve the pain. When the doctors have had a look in my ear, they all have said that my ear canal is very inflamed and swollen \u2013 as well as my ear drum. I now feel that the pain is travelling to my jaw and all around my ear \u2013 both inside and outside. I cleaned my ears this evening with an ear bud, and when I pressed on a particularly sore part inside my ear, there was a very very dark brown discharge present on the ear bud. Does anyone know what might be wrong with my ears? I\u2019m sick of not being taken seriously by the doctors I have seen these past few months", "title": "I\u2019ve seen various doctors since November 2016 in regard to a \u2018severe ear infection\u2019?"}
{"text": "My husband and I are opposed to using the Pill or other contraceptives, but we don\u2019t want any more kids. We\u2019re thinking of getting an ovulation testing device (a really expensive one that tests saliva and vagina conditions and charts the results on the computer), and then ONLY have sex three days or more after ovulation occurs. If we\u2019re very careful about sticking to this plan, would this be an effective birth control method", "title": "We\u2019re thinking of getting an ovulation testing device would this be an effective birth control method?"}
{"text": "Hello. My name is (\u2026). My boyfriend is 25 years old. He has recently been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, about 5 months ago. Lately, he has been having slight chest pain, no energy at all, and dizzy spells very often. His current doctor said it is because his body is still adjusting to the insulin\u2026.but does it really take the body this long to adjust to insulin? I don\u2019t think he should be having chest pain and dizzy spells. He says he feels \u201cweird\u201d. His current doctor is booked until July. We are thinking of going to emergency room, but I would like an answer from here first. His doctor also said he is in the \u201choneymoon\u201d stage of diabetes. I believe he has not been monitored by his doctor closely enough", "title": "Diagnosed with type 1 diabetes I believe not been monitored by doctor closely enough?"}
{"text": "Hello, My 14 year old daughter complained of terrible stomach pain, took her to doctor, no fever, but he ordered ct scan, xray, cbc, and checked kidney levels (perhaps throught a complete meta panel) He said everything ok but her wbc is 12, and elevated.  He thinks its just a stomach bug.  I looked up what a wbc should be and it says 12 is high, and on the internet, points to leukemia!  or other cancers.  Should I be worried?  She is 14 1/2 years old. 5\u20195 tall, and weights 190.  I know she is overweight but at 14, do teenagers have a different wbc range?  so scared and worried", "title": "My 14 year old daughter complained of terrible stomach pain, took her to the doctor\u2026?"}
{"text": "I am 53 year male, I\u2019ve been sick for over 4 years.  I have stomach pain, cramps, diarrhea, mild constipation, mild headache, mild nausea, fatigued.  I\u2019ve seen several doctors and had 2 endoscopy 2 colonoscopies had my organs check and my brain, and everything seems normal.  I now believe i might have a parasite in my intestine", "title": "I\u2019ve been sick for over 4 years.  I have stomach pain, cramps, diarrhea, mild constipation, mild headache, mild nausea, fatigued?"}
{"text": "Hi , I am a 31 yr old other wise healthy male of Asian descent . Was diagnosed with mononucleosis 7 months ago . Since then I have not been able to recover and have not been able to work . There has only been about a 30% reduction in symptoms from the initial stage . I do not test positive for mono any more but symptoms still exist . Main symptoms are extreme fatigue discomfort in the side of the abdomen (flank area ) and depression . Symptoms seem to relapse upon the slightest  exertion or exercise. Have seen several doctors with no specific treatment or medication just rest . Could EBV virus recovery take so long or could this have progressed to any thing else ? Please advise . Losing hope here", "title": "I was diagnosed with mononucleosis 7 months ago . Since then I have not been able to recover?"}
{"text": "My 15 year old daughter is bloated, nauseous, has sharp pains in her lower abdomen and hasn\u2019t had a period for 4 months\u2026 she started her period when she was 14, and it has been irregular since then. It was finally settling down, and then All of a sudden it just disappeared completely. She is nauseous at least once a day, and she is skinny but has been complaining of her stomach being bloated. When she started her period she had cysts and had multiple ultrasounds regarding them. She has also been complaining of sharp pains in her left lower abdomen. It happened 2 months ago, then two weeks later, and then one week after that. There\u2019s no chance at all she\u2019s pregnant, and we were wondering if she could have recurring ovarian cysts", "title": "My daughter is bloated, nauseous, has sharp pains in her lower abdomen and hasn\u2019t had a period for 4 months"}
{"text": "Hi, doctor.My question is about daily excessive water retention i wake up lean and by time i get home from work have bloated up all over to the point my face is like a ball and I look like i have a beer belly along with overall fullness\u2026 I will get home eat dinner and fall asleep and when i wake up I\u2019ve leaned out.This happens daily food can\u2019t be blamed as i have nothing to eat after breakfast until i get home, nor can be sedentary as i have a hard labor job.Male\n32 years old\nProlactinoma under control\nAsthma under controlThank", "title": "I wake up lean and by time i get home from work have bloated up all over to the point my face is like a ball?"}
{"text": "Hello,\n23 yo F.\nI have been evaluated by a neurologist (these are their findings and am waiting for the specialist, which is awhile out) but my rheumatologist is questioning my symptoms:\n\u2013 DEEP TENDON REFLEXES: 1 biceps, 1 triceps, 0 knees, and 0 ankles.\n\u2013 COORDINATION:  There is no dysmetria with finger-nose-finger maneuver or heel-knee-shin maneuver\n-MUSCULOSKELETAL: Immediately noted is the appearance of diminished intrinsic hand muscle bulk.  When she is asked to extend her fingers, fingers are extended at the MCP joints but flexed at the PIP joints. No, I do not have arthritis or swelling. No clubbing.\n-Left extensor hallucis 3/5, Right 4/5.I\u2019m now finding that I actually cannot lift my toe from the ground for more than a tremor of a quick second.**topamax is for migraines and complex partial seizure", "title": "I have been evaluated by a neurologist  but my rheumatologist is questioning my symptoms, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "My granddaughter is 2 years old has been diagnosed with Coxsackie disease on Wednesday of last week she ran a fever of 102 for a couple of days. They went to the doctor the doctor told her what it was. She has ran a mild fever since Sunday, they went to the ER on Sunday and they up the medication as far as between doses but her gums are bleeding and she is so miserable today she has diarrhea they give her an IV bag of fluids in the hospital said her lab work came back good. She was not dehydrated yet the doctor said. Her cannot see her today but sometime tomorrow my daughter does not know if she needs to take her back to the ER today because she is so miserable and her mouth is bleeding so much", "title": "My granddaughter has been diagnosed with Coxsackie disease?"}
{"text": "hi. i am 49 years old and i\u2019ve recently had an hysterectomy. i\u2019ve always had heavy periods, but in the last two years it got really heavy and before my hysterectomy i was bleeding for 50 days. after removing my cervix they took samples from it and analyzed it.I\u2019ve attached the results. one is the pop smear test and the other the sample from my cervix. I\u2019ve searched it online and apparently CIN3 refers to \u201cpre-cancer\u201d cells. now my questions are: do i have cancer? even after removing my cervix? how likely is it for me to be diagnosed with cancer? what are the chances that there are still abnormal cells in my body? regarding that i have removed my cervix. is there a chance that these abnormal cells had spread from my cervix to other organs and have the potential to cause cancer? please be honest with me. what should i do?!\nthank yo", "title": "I\u2019ve recently had an hysterectomy do test results show I have cancer?"}
{"text": "hi I\u2019m (\u2026) from ethiopia. my problem is speaking disorder meaning that i know what to say but i can\u2019t say it. i repeat words , difficult to say some words and if i speak much i have a pain in my jaw (my mouth). so is there any medicine like surgery or other solution to fix this problem. and one thing is that so many people says me that     i speak well when i was a child but when i grow this problem cam", "title": "I have a speaking disorder, is there surgery or medication that can help?"}
{"text": "I have been dealing with severe fatigue, muscle tension, burning under the skin for 8 + months now. I also had a little bit of neuropathy in both my feet and legs, but I\u2019ve managed to calm that down with lots of stretching. I have been tested for thyroid imbalance (my levels are fine and I\u2019m on Synthroid for hypothyroidism), Lupus, Lymes, Hep C, Vitamin Deficiencies, and Diabetes. All came back negative/fine. I\u2019m a 47 year old woman \u2014 and don\u2019t know what to do next: the only thing I have been prescribed for all of this has been antidepressants\u2013and I can\u2019t take them/don\u2019t feel they are the solution. Who is the next doctor to see about this? Could it be adrenal fatigue \u2014 as I don\u2019t handle stress particularly well; maybe I crashed my system? Could it be all premenopausal? Any advice would be appreciated", "title": "I have been dealing with severe fatigue, muscle tension, burning under the skin for 8 + months now?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m feeling discomfort in chest since the past few days especially when I\u2019m lying down to sleep. I think there is also shortness of breath but I am not sure. I had chest pain for which I did ECG and chest x ray which turned out to be normal. But still m feeling discomfort in chest when I ly down. What can be the possible reason?whay test should I do", "title": "I\u2019m feeling discomfort in chest I did ECG and chest x ray all normal?"}
{"text": "I have pain in the bottom of my left foot . i was diagnosed as Plantar Fasciitis . ten years ago i was injected with corticosteroids and things went fine until recently when i started to feel severe pain in the same place . I saw another orthopedic 3 days ago, who injected me on the heel and not at the same place that i was injected before , actually it got worse and i don\u2019t know what to do ?????\nplease I need your help\nthanks alo", "title": "I was diagnosed with Plantar Fasciitis ten years ago i was injectead with corticosteroids"}
{"text": "A year ago I acquired MRSA in my bloodstream whilst in hospital requiring ticoplanin via a PIC line for 4 weeks. After treatment I tested negative for MRSA.Now I am looking to book a sleeve gastrectomy at a private hospital and want to know if I need to declare this to the surgeon or if I am cured and therefore it does not apply anymore. \u2022\tI would like to know if I am duty bound to tell him or not?\n\u2022\tI am worried it could make my surgery more expensive or even be refused as an MRSA risk. Is that possible?\n\u2022\tI have not been told if I carry any greater risk now than before my infection of re-infection, is the MRSA harbored at all?\n\u2022\tI know I am negative in my nose and groin but is my blood affected long term?", "title": "I acquired Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) while in hospital?"}
{"text": "My 4 week old son fell today from the bed while being fed. The height of my bed is roughly 60-70cm\u2026 Got a bump on his head exactly on the rear top right side\u2026 We took him to the ER where they kept him for observation for 4 hours by only doing physical examination for his body, head and checking his reflex\u2026 they ask me to keep an eye if he is vomiting or feeling sleepy etc\u2026 As an infant, they are always sleepy, however no vomiting at all\u2026 he only cry at the time of eating, but i feel is crying voice is more of pain rather than hunger\u2026 The attending told us he wouldn\u2019t do a CT scan if it was his kid\u2026 I need your recommendation please\u2026 Thank", "title": "My 4 week old son fell today from the bed, ER says no CT scan possible, I need your recommendation?"}
{"text": "I have H-pylori ulcers in the stomach. I\u2019ve been taking Pantocid medicine for past 15 days.\nAnd due to this I can\u2019t eat properly. I feel scratchy and pain while eating. I have a recent problem of piles too.\nKindly explain this, and please tell what should I eat", "title": "I have H-pylori ulcers in the stomach what should I eat?"}
{"text": "Hi how are you I went in to get blood work done because I been very tried and dizzy lightheaded and gaining weight I got my  results back and thyroglobulin antibodies says 3 h should I be  concern and see a specialist ?", "title": "I been very tried and dizzy lightheaded and gaining weight thyroglobulin antibodies says 3 h should I be concerned?"}
{"text": "Hi.Since i had a major foot surgery 6 months ago i have severe nerve pain due to a complication.\nMy symptoms were:\u2013 Tingling/Electrical Pain in my left foot, on the left side of the foot and up my heel.\n\u2013 Desensitization/Numbing of said area, leading to more discomfort.\n\u2013 Lump where the sural nerve is in calf. As of 2 weeks ago my sural nerve was repaired, in which the sheathing of the nerve was repaired in surgery as that was the cause of the irritation. My surgeon has gone overseas and i cant consult him about my inquires.Im still experiencing nerve pain, occasionally its actually worse. Could this be the nerve rewiring? I have not gotten any feeling back either, the lump is still there but i take that as general swelling from the stitches i have down my leg. Any help would be great, thanks", "title": "I had a major foot surgery 6 months ago I have severe nerve pain due to complication?"}
{"text": "Hello dr. I am 18 weeks pregnant and hypothyroid. Last mnth i got my tsh checked and it was 0.1 and that time i was on a dose of mon to fri 100mcg and sat sun200 mcg. After tsh 0.1 dr. Made it mon to sat 100 and sun 200\u2026now last week my tsh gone up to 6.63 s0 my endocrinologist agn did the dose mon to fri 100 and sat sun 200. While my gynaec says to have 125 mcg daily\u2026whom to follow", "title": "I am 18 weeks pregnant and hypothyroid tsh gone up to 6.63?"}
{"text": "My son male 28 years old with RTA, had close reduction left hip, ORIF & suturing of laceration on 18 march. Right frontal kochers point EVD followed by midline suboccipital craniectomy of infarct on 20 march. For 10 days in ICU, shifted to ward, had second EVD on 14 march but inconsistent infection patient is still 100 %conscious, and responds to all Stimuli but occasional vomiting & fever and consistent headache, in a well known super speciality hospital in Gurgaon,  Delhi India. Doctors advised further two weeks to treat infection which is almost 45 days till then. Please advise further course of action. 1. Is it normal to cure infection for so long after suboccipital surgery.2. Should we continue treatment there or shift to other place", "title": "My son is 10 days in ICU Is it normal to cure infection for so long after suboccipital surgery?"}
{"text": "70 yo male, play ice hockey 5 times a week for the last 15 years, and several times a week for the last 40 years. Syncope event app. hour after hockey in December 2016, nothing much found. Went on 80 mg Lipitor.April 2017, pre-syncope event while changing after playing hockey. Head in lap, and resolved. Had cardiac cath the next week. No blockages of concern; one of 30% in \u201ccenter\u201d part(?) of heart. DID find a myocardial bridge on the left descending artery. Through all of this, normal blood and EKG\u2019s, nothing on head CT scan. Never any chest pains while exercising or not. Bridge is clear of any block, but compresses up to 80% during heart pumping. Cardiologist says I\u2019m fine, take 40 mg of Lipitor daily. Resume all activities, and go back to see him in 6 months. Says if I feel another event coming on, to get my feet up so blood goes to my head.My question: Is the myocardial block the direct reason for the syncope symptoms, or is it likely there may be something else going on", "title": "Is my myocardial block the direct reason for my syncope symptoms, or is it likely there may be something else going on?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is (\u2026) and about two weeks ago I had a spider crawl in my ear. It finally got out but I was left with an ear infection. They gave me neomyosin polymyxin b with hydrocortisone eardrops. It said to take three drops in the left ear three times a day for 10 days. Me being stupid and busy with three jobs I was only able to take one  to two drops about 1 to 2 times a day for 10 days. Now I\u2019m done with the 10 days in my ear infection is back. What it be OK if I restart taking the antibiotics? The right way? My ear is hurting so ba", "title": "I had a spider crawl in my ear, got out but I was left with an ear infection?"}
{"text": "Hi, im a 21 year old male. Smoker since i was 19.Been experiencing a warm/pain sensation in my left pectoral that tends to radiate occasionally across my shoulder, down my arm and hand. My hand can get cold sometimes too.\nIm thinking it may be a nerve problem as i have minor pain in my neck left side too.My doctor seems to think its a pulled muscle but i have been experiencing these feelings for over 2/3 months now.Also, I tend to feel vague alot of the time and used to be a frequent marijuana user until 2 months ago when I quit.All of this is really decreasing my quality of life and i just want to feel \u2018normal\u2019 again.\nIs there any advice anyone could give me? Thank", "title": "Been experiencing a warm/pain sensation in my left pectoral that tends to radiate occasionally across my shoulder?"}
{"text": "I am 22 years old, man.\nI can\u2019t fully turn head to left for about 4 years due to acute pain. Doctors say nothing because neck MRI is okay.\nPlace in pain showed on image (upper part). I can\u2019t palpate anything on that area what could cause the pain. It also hurts in same place on full rotation to right, but lesser.\nIf I try to lay head on pillow, turn left and lift head, I will feel severe pain and tension like something heavy pushing my head down.\nI tried muscle exercises as on image (lower part). But after one day of it I got severe neck muscle spasm.\nI use orthopedic pillow. Tried MRI check. Did self-massage. All was no use", "title": "I can\u2019t fully turn head to left for about 4 years due to acute pain?"}
{"text": "Hello i had soft tissue contrast neck  mri last Saturday. I felt burning sensation at the back of my head after 10 min..i thought i should bare it.When the  technician took me out I told her she said if you sure to continoue it is your choose.. i asked how many min left i was there already 20 min she said 5 i said i decided to continoue but 2 days feeling headache and burning sensation is still continue at the back of my head burning sensation some pain behind my left ear..it was a terrible experience to go through with it.", "title": "I had a soft tissue contrast neck MRI, it was a terrible experience is this normal?"}
{"text": "I have found a large hard lump on the right side of my groin. I noticed it a few weeks ago. I thought it might be a cyst at first and as I\u2019m a veterinary nurse I used a needle and syringe to see if I could drain it but there is no fluid or puss coming back. It\u2019s getting more painful and irritating. Not sure if it\u2019s something I should be concerned about. Was hoping it might have gone down by now if it was just a flare up of a lymph node. I\u2019m female and 27 \u2013 not pregnan", "title": "I have found a large hard lump on the right side of my groin?"}
{"text": "Hello I have been getting stomach pain that  travels around to my back for about 6 months. It is a steady pain that does sometimes get worse it can go away for a few weeks but always returns. Sometimes Lying in certain positions eases the pain but not always. What\u2019s the possible conditio", "title": "I have been getting stomach pain that  travels around to my back?"}
{"text": "If an appendix ruptures, how long would it take for sepsis to occur due to  peritonitis ?  If untreated, how long before acute kidney failure would occur?  Would it take hours from the time the appendix ruptures?  Days?  Weeks", "title": "If an appendix ruptures, how long would it take for sepsis to occur due to  peritonitis?"}
{"text": "Hi there. I had the contraceptive implant put in a week and a half ago, and have constant bleeding since. I have mefenamic acid at home, and I heard this could help. My only problem is I also take fluoxetine and I\u2019ve heard it\u2019s a contraindication. Could I stop my fluoxetine for a while and take the mefenamic acid", "title": "I had a contraceptive implant put in a week and a half ago, and have constant bleeding since?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019ve been diagnosed with a UTI and have antibiotics that I\u2019ve took for 2 days that aren\u2019t doing anything. I have constant pain and pressure and the pain for the past 2 days and is nearly unbearable when I have a wee it\u2019s burning and stinging. There is blood in my underwear and I\u2019m finding it difficult to walk and sit down as the pain is allot worse. The pain is worsening rather than getting better. Please help on this", "title": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with a UTI and have antibiotics that aren\u2019t doing anything?"}
{"text": "four months ago, I had a problem during a workout(bench press) where I pushed too hard and tore a rotator cuff muscles (online doctor/self assessment ), I did strengthening exercises and crossover symmetry for a month (pain decreased by 90%) but it never stopped", "title": "I had a problem during a workout(bench press) where I pushed too hard and tore a rotator cuff ?"}
{"text": "Hi, about 4 weeks ago I sliced the corner tip of my index finger off while chopping onions. It didn\u2019t hit bone but it took some of the nail off also. I\u2019ve had it bandaged since. Every few days I wash it with saline, then apply an antiseptic and then a gel substance that\u2019s supposed to aid in wound healing, then apply one of those healing bandaids and then wrap it with stronger, thicker bandaids to keep the other one in place and keep it dry.This seems to be working. There is no funny smell, my finger is clean looking every time I open the bandage up and my finger is slowly healing, but I\u2019m just wondering if I\u2019m doing the right thing? I keep getting conflicting advice. My mum who is a nurse tells me to take off the bandage because it\u2019s no longer needed and to air it out. My uncle who recently sliced off part of his nose, told me that his pharmacist told him to keep it covered and moist until it healed and that I should do the same thing. I\u2019m not sure which advice is right for my situation. I would happily keep it bandaged for another 4 weeks, but my nail is starting to look a bit funny. It is getting thicker and started to grow crooked (this is the whole nail, not where it was sliced). I assume this is from lack of air and light. So if the bandage is no longer necessary for my finger, I\u2019d like to remove it so I can stop my nail from growing funky. However, I am afraid if I stop bandaging my finger I will decrease the chance of my finger healing as best as possible. Plus it is still sensitive and open so it seems to me that it should remain bandaged. Can you please advise me what to do? Thank yo", "title": "I sliced the corner tip of my index finger off?"}
{"text": "I am a 20 male Been diagnosed with depression and anxiety\nOriginally prescribed 10mg citalopram and 10mg propranolol\nDoctor now changed my prescription to sertraline 50mg and propranolol 80mg extended release\nI went back to say these arnt effective and now he has changed my script to sertraline 100mg but these are helping slightly however I still think I\u2019m on the wrong medication as I feel I have bipolar \u2013 I get really depressed which the antidepressant have heped with big style, however I get periods of highs where I get dizzy feel on edge feel sweaty I usually just eat something and wait for it too pass but it can last hours, I feel I could have bipolar and am taking the wrong Meds could I be right", "title": "I am a 20 male and I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety, am I taking the wrong Meds?"}
{"text": "Hi I have a 9 year old daughter who suffered some sort of seizure yesterday. We were sitting down when I realised that she was hitting her chest and was really pale. When I asked her what was wrong she wouldnt respond. She stopped hitting her chest but for the next ten minutes she seemed that she was detached from reality. She\nwas looking through me, would not respond to any questions, as I put oxygen mask to her mouth she started talking and answering my questions. On the way to hospital she felt so tired and wanted to fall asleep and complained about a head ache. Doctors checked her sugar levels, urine and blood and everything was normal. She did vomit once while at hospital. We took her home and she had head ache for the rest of the night. Next morning everything went back to normal. Doctors could not tell us what was wrong. Any help from you would be more than welcome.", "title": "I have a 9 year old daughter who suffered some sort of seizure yesterday?"}
{"text": "hi, im 22 this year, female.  i have been have itchy skin at the back of my right thigh. it doesn\u2019t get itchy all the time but randomly and each time last for hours or til the next day. the itching even occur right after showering sometimes. the other parts of my body is fine though just the back of my thigh. have been suffering from this for almost 2 years already. have been using anti fungal cream, moisturizer, aloevera but nothing seems to help.     please advise what kind of skin condition is this, what do i need to do", "title": "I have itchy skin at the back of my right thigh what kind of skin condition is this?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is (\u2026) and I am worried about my Health,since the beginning of this year I have been feeling very depressed and it hasn\u2019t gone away I tried to talk to several people about it and they all said I should talk to a doctor .i have been struggling to sleep and when I do I over sleep,I can\u2019t continue with my hobbies because I haven\u2019t had the energy to do anything and it\u2019s distracting me from completing my work,I have slowly started to experience theses problems more than usual and it has gotten to a point I am withdrawing from family and friends  I would like to know why I feel this way or what this might be \u200byour opinion is much appreciate", "title": "I have been feeling very depressed and it hasn\u2019t gone away?"}
{"text": "I suffer with asthma, the last few hours I have a been getting a shooting pain in my left side when I breathe. I also keep catching my breath and finding it hard to breathe. I have been taking my inhaler regularly and when I feel I really need it but it hasn\u2019t helped, do I need to visit a hospital or doctor", "title": "I suffer with asthma, the last few hours I have a been getting a shooting pain in my left side?"}
{"text": "I have concerns about my future fertility and hope you can shed some light on my concerns. I am 20 years old and when I was 14 had a surgical abortion when I was just over 11 weeks gone. I have concerns that I may have scar tissue in the uterus due to minimal periods but lately different period pains. After having the abortion I had an implant put in and after that had a second implant which I have recently had removed about 1 month ago. Of course my body is still adjusting but something tells me something isn\u2019t right. My period came exactly 1 week after the removal of my implant and lasted about 5 days which was fairly light. And exactly when my next period was due, it came on time but again very light. Please could you help me understand what may be wrong due to previous operation and having light periods. Thank you", "title": "I had a surgical abortion, I have concerns about my future fertility?"}
{"text": "I am a 33 year old female.  I cough up blood but have had a CT scan and bronchoscopy that all came back normal except for a cavitary lesion that was 2 cm.  The doctor is watching it, and coughing up blood has decreased.  However, Friday afternoon, the right side of my chest started hurting when I breathed in deeply or coughed.  It\u2019s still hurting, and is worse when I lay down on my back, breath in or out deeply, cough or sniff, and hold my right arm above my head.  It hurts worse on the side of my chest under my arm and when I press on my ribs at all, front or side.  I don\u2019t know if it\u2019s related, so I called my regular doctor\u2019s office who told me to call my pulmonologist.  When I called the Pulmonologist\u2019s office, the staff called back and told me to go to the ER.  I really don\u2019t want to go to the ER, as I\u2019m not sure it\u2019s related and don\u2019t want to pay the high copay for nothing, but I do want to know what to do about the chest pain.  Is it related to the cavity?  Is going to the ER really necessary", "title": "I cough up blood but have had a CT scan and bronchoscopy that all came back normal?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m and 18 year old female and was kicked very hard on the left side of my head/neck by a field hockey goal keeper 4 years ago .I had a concussion and the general expected pain after ,so i did nothing about it .I began to get headaches a few months later .I have long thick hair and though that\u2019s always tied up and thought this might be the cause so i cut it ,but there was no change .it got worse and sometimes i would sit up after sitting in an uncomfortable position and have blurred vision and neck and back pain .I then hurt my neck 2 years ago in a fall ,again playing field hockey and had to wear a neck brace for a few weeks .\nI saw a doctor who gave me pain killers and neck strengthening exercises but it kept getting worse .\nOur school got a Physio in the gym that i began seeing and was told the exercises i had been doing were for someone with a strong neck and would have made my neck and back worse .I began having dry needling and physio massages frequently as sleeping or sitting in the slightest different or abnormal way leaves me in pain for hours,sometimes days with terrible headaches and lately pain in my face .The facial pain is mainly on the left side of my face and i sometimes get pins and needles in my forehead .Sometimes the pain in my neck and back and head goes on for so long or is so bad all i can do is lay down because i feel like passing out .The muscles and nerves  in my back and neck tense up a lot easier than most people and i often hear a loud buzzing sound when i bend while in pain .I heard of something called APS therapy and was wondering if this is something to consider and what else could be done or what you think is the problem", "title": "I hurt my neck 2 years ago, is APS therapy good?"}
{"text": "Does frontal lobe dysfunction affect my lifespan or likelihood of getting Alzheimers or dementia. I have obtained epilepsy over the last couple of years and they believe the frontal lobe is linked with my epilepsy. No websites I sought out could tell me a clear answer. I know frontal lobe disorder/dysfunction is often confused with frontal lobe dementia. Can you please give me an answer asap? I am 26 and was diagnosed with epilepsy at age 21", "title": "Does frontal lobe dysfunction affect my lifespan or likelihood of getting Alzheimers or dementia?"}
{"text": "When I shower, I break out in red \u201cbumps\u201d across my chest, abdomen, shoulders, and back. I also noticed this after I went for a run outside with no shirt. At first, it was just a small patch, and it did not itch, burn, or anything, so for a while I was not concerned; now it is spreading all over my upper body", "title": "When I shower, I break out in red \u201cbumps\u201d across my chest, abdomen, shoulders, and back?"}
{"text": "ECG of a 26 years old slight obese patient with no underlying medical conditions but a slight increase in total cholesterol in recent blood investigation. patient having on and off pricking pain on his left side which last for 1-2 secs.does this ecg signifies any abnormalities", "title": "Patient having on and off pricking pain on his left side which last for 1-2 secs?"}
{"text": "i am 29 years old and female. i always feel tired when wake up in the morning, my eyes feel like a lead. Sometimes feels so tired that i don\u2019t realize  the whole day has passed. Big appetite, always hungry. Sleep 6 hours a day or more but still tired. my brain feel like in haze. Sweat a lot. My hands are dry but my face and whole body  is wet because of sweat. i tested for hyperthyroid before, took medication and my tsh level went back normal. But my symptoms didn\u2019t go away. The doctor tested my blood three more times but the result was normal. i cannot tolerate heat. my hands always feel like they\u2019re burning up. i just want to know is it normal to feel this tire", "title": "I always feel tired when wake up in the morning, my eyes feel like a lead?"}
{"text": "My sister has attack of severe headache with sudden feeling of chills then it ends with shivering like fits and after painful stimulation she regain her breathe and coniousness.\nIn-between she is alert but drowsy with continous feeling of mild headache , nausea with vomiting sometime\nThe attacks at first was irregular bs later they  became in fixed times between 2-3 pm and 2-3 am but we noticed when she make some physical activity she might have one attack again\nAll of her investigations are normal like\nMRI/blood picture/CSF/liver & kidney functions/urine & stool and also her EEG was normal waves\nThey began with antiviral and anti bacterial with steroids and saline for 5 to 6 days with no response\nThen recently thery started with her valporic acid 500 mg and the attacks stoped but at their times she have the same symptoms of severe headache and nausea\nAnd in between she sleeps alot and still drowsy\nAslo there are some little symptoms like tinnitus and slight abdominal pain put not tender\nMy questions is those symptoms now from ther valporic acid ? Or the symptoms remain but the medication maken it little ?\nIs there a psychic problem that can cause such attacks and she is only stressed or depressed ?\nI hope you help me or advice to search for something the doctors are missin", "title": "My sister has attacks with severe headaches and sudden chills then it ends with shivering like fits?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is (\u2026) I am a 20 year old male and I have been experiencing memory problems for the past couple months I have I am taking numbers of one I\u2019ve never seen Dr. fine I just wanted to see if you guys could help give a diagnosis it started out that I missed placed small things and I couldn\u2019t remember where I put them now it\u2019s  gotten to the point that I can\u2019t remember names I\u2019ve missed placed my ID couldn\u2019t find it someone else found it for me and I can\u2019t remember important dates important times I don\u2019t want to go out because it\u2019s in embarrassing not remembering who you\u2019re with and what you\u2019re doin", "title": "I have been experiencing memory problems for the past couple months?"}
{"text": "Dear Dr.. I had an intercourse with an escort 5,5 month ago. I have made Hiv 1/2 + p24 antigen test after 36 days, after that Anti Hiv 1/2 test at 88. days and finaly Anti Hiv 1/2+p24 antigen test after 166 days. All Results was negative.I have some questions, Pls answer all of themwith detail. 1-Ithink Anti Hiv 1/2+p24 antigen test is 4. generation test detect both IgM and IgG antibodies and antigen.. and the test I made at 88.day Anti Hiv 1/2 is 3.generation test detect only IgG and IgM antibodies..2 \u2013 After 166 days Do you assure that I\u2019m totally free and conclusive my test. One of my doctors Who I wen to consult ( 7 doctors ) say 6 month is conclusive.Is it realy true 3 \u2013 According to secod question have you ever heard of someone testing negative at the 3 month but turn positive at the 6 month.Finaly If 6 months is correct\u2026Is it possible to chance my result from negative to positive in 14 days ( 180 days \u2013 166 days )..\n4 \u2013 I\u2019m afraid to have sex with my wife\u2026Can I have sex without any afraid", "title": "I have made Hiv 1/2 + p24 antigen test, am I free from HIV?"}
{"text": "Hi I had a fall and believe I chipped a bone on the end of my elbow .\nIt\u2019s been a couple of months and I can feel a hard bit of bone floating at the tip of my elbow and it\u2019s very painful.\nWhat can I do to fix this ?\nIs this something I just have to put up with or can it be fixed", "title": "I chipped a bone on the end of my elbow?"}
{"text": "I have full body burning, vibrating, tingling, numbness all over and feel as if my upper body (rib cage/lungs area) is always tight. Its everyday all day and constant in hands & feet with weakness for 3 months now. Waiting on blood work etc. Not sure if it can be compressed nerves affecting the pain all over. I read peripheral neuropathy is an HIV sympto", "title": "I have full body burning, vibrating, tingling, numbness all over?"}
{"text": "For a few months now there have been times when I would have Dizziness, Headaches and an over all feeling of being un-well that I would attribute to having acid reflux. However, just recently after experiencing my menstrual cycle, I thought that these feelings could be attributed to low iron due to my heavy flow, as there have also been times when I have had cold hands and feet very often. I took a iron supplement called 3 SSS Tonic, however I believe that the dose was too large, since then, I have been experiencing mild abdominal cramps, and what feels like a gasiness or bloating, since about 2 am to now. I have  felt more energy overall from taking the iron supplement, but overall the stomach issues I am experiencing have left me with no appetite", "title": "I would have Dizziness, Headaches and an over all feeling of being un-well?"}
{"text": "i feel pain at center upper of the abdominal and between two ribs, especially when too much intake any iron, meat, gastric, ..while breathing in morning when getup\ndifficulty in breathing, when gastric/Gas stuck when releases/gas pain disappear for that time, when periods  \u2026. i have inflammation too sometime. i want to know whether its liver pain ,stomach pain .. i have gall stones also .. max 1.8mm i am taking proper treatment but some doctors say its stomach pain some say gall stones \u2026what kind of pain is it . . just tell the reason to have this pain which i have since many years now increased ,i have little bit infection in stomach mouth and in gall bladder tell the reason of pain which happens upper center of the abdominal where liver and stomach are consist .secondly, i experienced allergies in body and face when ever i take any supplements its happend two times badly ,why it happens by supplement i can\u2019t take it? and ESR also increased by 90 . what\u2019s the reason to have allergies when taking supplements, just after one week of drugs got allergy, why with supplements it happens nothing else reason of allergies i have make medical text too", "title": "I  feel pain at center upper of the abdominal and between two ribs?"}
{"text": "hi my age; 28yrs\ni have stretched a heart muscle when i was younger and had stitch like problem around that area, also i have had ear infections when i was younger as well, my problem now is that i got sick after going to my doctor she gave me 2 antibiotics flustat, adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets containing codeine, when i got sick after taking these medz i felt light headed and drunk, my blood pressure drop as well as my sugar levels, i went back to her the next day and she said that i should leave the adco cyclizine and the pain tablets as both contain codeine, recently i have been getting anxiety and panic attacks because i am worried, before i went to my doctor everything was fine, i am on iron tablets at the moment ferrous forte and rescue a natural anxiety tablet, but i am having heart palpitations at night at around about 23;30 and 00;00 i drink sugar water and take an iron tablet and anxiety tablet when this happes as i do not know what is wrong with me deep breaths calms me and the weird feelings go awa", "title": "I got sick after going to my doctor she gave me 2 antibiotics flustat, adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets?"}
{"text": "I am a 50 year old women and I am 5 day post op from a knee replacement and I have a few patches of red but it is not angry looking and hasn\u2019t spread my leg also feels very tight with swelling is this normal this early on in recover", "title": "I am 5 day post op from a knee replacement and I have a few patches of red?"}
{"text": "2 nights ago, i started vomiting violently. Is it possible to fracture a rib from vomiting? I have some pain in frontal rib cage on my right side, but in the same place on my back rib cage it is excruciating. Cant cough, or move much. Left side is fine.", "title": "Is it possible to fracture a rib from vomiting?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 31 year old female who has been taking synthroid for at least 10 years and who also wishes to get pregnant in the coming months. I stopped birth control in December. Had a normal period in January and February. In February my synthroid dose was changed from 50 mcg to 25 mcg grams because it tested below normal range. I have not had a period in over 60 days. Could my synthroid change have stopped my periods? Will going back on the old dosage bring them back? Time is of the essence in this matter. Recent lab works shows my TSH levels back within normal range", "title": "I have  been taking synthroid for at least 10 years, now want to get pregnant?"}
{"text": "Hello first time here and I freaking out.\nI need your help please.\nSo 3 weeks ago I went to a brothel and received Oral sex (without condom) from a female nothing else.\n2 weeks later I am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after Urination (not during)\nAnd the burning sensation goes away quick but there is still some very slight irritation and after a while it goes away too. There are no other symptoms\u2026this is happening for the past 5 days.\nBut again when I urinate the above happens again these symptoms are not severe but Im getting worried. Is there any possibility I have gonorrhea or chlamydia", "title": "I am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after urination?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with cerebral venous sinus thrombosis by MRI in early October after suffering severe headaches. I have never had headaches in my life, with the exception of very occasional tensions headaches. No cause was determined, which I understand is not unusual. I have been taking warfarin since. I had a follow up MRA at the end of December. The radiologist report:\n\u201cImprovement in previously seen dural venous thrombosis with residual\nnonocclusive filling defects within the superior sagittal sinus and\ntorcula and extending into the proximal right transverse sinus.\u201dInitially, after having been placed on warfarin, my headaches pretty much went away. I have, however, woke in the morning with the occasional bad headache. Somewhat confused as to why this would happen, I did some reading to find out that headaches could continue for quite some time due to scar tissue. What confuses me about this is that if it is scar tissue, then the scar tissue is always there. In that case, why would the headaches come and go?  I spoke to my doctor almost 2 weeks ago, because acetaminophen does not help the headaches and they can sometimes be quite painful. At the time of our conversation, I had had a headache that lasted three days followed by about three weeks headache free and then another headache. However, in the past week I have had three headaches bad enough that I have had to take prescribed Vicodin for them. The one I have this morning came on in the middle of the night and I resisted taking medication for as long as possible. I did take Vicodin 2 1/2 hours ago and I still have pain. Is it normal for me to still be having severe headaches six months into treatment? I have five children to care for and my husband works out of town most of the time. The headaches, while not completely debilitating, make it difficult for me to go about my normal duties. Can you shed any light on this? I cannot find any good information to help me understand why I am still having headaches that hurt just as bad or almost as bad as the ones that sent me to the doctor in the first place six months ago", "title": "I was diagnosed with cerebral venous sinus thrombosis by MRI?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctor\nThank you very much for this service.\nMy son, Age 7 years, show unexpected occasional shivering. First shivering was observed two years back when he was sleeping, second one 6 months back when he has started bathing. Yesterday, when I took him for swimming for the first time also he started shivering.\nHe is lean with normal body weight, normal development and physical status.\nI remember that when he was nearly 2 years, he slipped down on floor and back of his head has hit the floor and in the night he has vomited. May this incident has any relation with this shivering? Any nerve/ brain associated problem related to this?\nWhat all may be the reasons for this kind of shivering and how I should be prepared and what treatment is required?\nKindly answer me because I am so much worried about this problem.\nThanking you in advanc", "title": "My son, Age 7 years, shows unexpected occasional shivering?"}
{"text": "I am a male and aged 20 and a few weeks ago I went to the doctors with shooting pains in my testicles and groin area. The doctor diagnosed me with Epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for 7 days. However I felt like I was having side effects such as feeling sick, dizzyness and small chest pains. I returned to the doctors today and without even checking me over he prescribed me with Ciprofloxacin. However after looking online I am starting to fear I have cancer. Not only do my testicle symptoms suggest cancer, but pain in the stomach and upper chest apparently signify that the cancer has spread. Should I be worried about cancer or is the pain in my chest a result of side effects of doxycycline. The pain seems to happen after eating and drinking, however sometimes comes on randomly", "title": "The doctor diagnosed me with Epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for 7 days?"}
{"text": "Hi I am suffering from shingles, I got this one day ago, very painful. This is first time in my life. I got chicken pox in my childhood. What kind of soothing cream good for shingles? How often I can take showe? What kind of food I can eat? How long it will be take for recover. Very painful, I can\u2019t sleep. Please reply my questions doctor.Thank yo", "title": "Hi I am suffering from shingles, I got this one day ago, very painful?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am asking for a friend and have this info 3rd. hand. A lady had her menstrual cycle about March 1st.\nthen has sex bout March 14th. and about March 30th starts bleeding bad. She goes to Doctor who tells her she is pregnant. Is this a possibility or another problem?\nAlso what are the best times here to become pregnant?\nI am doing this for a lady friend for her son.\nCan you help", "title": "What are the best times to become pregnant?"}
{"text": "Good afternoon,I am a 39 year old woman and im currently pregnant at 30 weeks but my baby\u2019s arms measure 7 weeks behind and her legs 2 weeks behind. Ive checked for down syndrome it came out negative other than that the baby is healthy everywhere. Does this specifically have to mean dwarfism??\nBoth her father and i are tal", "title": "My baby\u2019s arms measure 7 weeks behind and her legs 2 weeks behind?"}
{"text": "21y male.. 5 years ago I had repeated fevers I used many medicine indiscriminately since then I have been suffering from low grade fever, excessive saliva at night, dark and less urine, after 2 years symptoms progressed with Lump in throat during and after eating fatty/oily food, milk, juices etc, (it feels like nutrients fackflow), feel full with abdominal discomfort (not pain) after eating and when sleeping on front, fatigue, weakness, peeling scalp hair fall, I can also see a bit abdominal hair fall on my banyan.. I have tested for hepatitis b/c and were negative, also had ultrasound and was intact. Appetite is good.. Thank", "title": "I have been suffering from low grade fever, excessive saliva at night, dark and less urine?"}
{"text": "Hello, about a year and a half ago, I started having a burning, uncomfortable pain in my right flank area, if i stood, it would be right at about where my elbow would fall on my side.  Close to bottom of those ribs.  It would come and go.  Went to two doctors, both thought muscoskeletal.  Put on Mobic.  Didn\u2019t help. Doctor then ordered ultrasound of upper right quadrant, and called only to tell me everything looked good, but had mild fatty liver, but not fatty liver disease.  Also that I had gallstones.  They then ordered Chest Xray (to see ribs)  Everything looked good.  I took it upon myself to see a gallbladder surgeon (doctor said it was up to me if I wanted to remove gallbladder)  That was about 9 months ago.  The pain went away, so I chose not to.  Now, it seems every few months, it \u201cflares\u201d up.  My question is, I want to be confident that it is nothing bad.  The doctor seemed to make me feel like, if my gallstones were the problem I would be throwing up and have pain closer to middle of body, not only on the side.  Do gallstones cause cancer?  Should I have it removed?  Can gallstones, cause pain in the right flank (toward side)?  Thank you for any help and advice.  I\u2019m just scared", "title": "I started having a burning, uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?"}
{"text": "i been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back for 4 months plus the pain is worse after food i have had ct scan i have blood in my stools there try to give me a colonoscopy but it felt like it was going to come out my side where i get the pain i have had it for 7 year the pain use to go away after i had big bleed but since December it has not gone the pain make me past out iam waiting for another colonoscopy to see if they can get further in the colon please hel", "title": "I have been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back?"}
{"text": "I am having some problems with tooth No 25. Image 25_A explains what is the problem. The photo was done in December 2016, since then the tooth got even more sensitive, i.e. experiences a lot of pain if exposed to any heat or cold (tea or cold water).I have visited one dentist in December and she wanted to kill the tooth immediately; she then changed her mind and said we should wait and see what happens, which is code for let\u2019s let it die on it\u2019s own.\nVisited another one in January. She wasn\u2019t sure also what to do \u2014 to open up the tooth or to wait.The filling is quite big and it seems the nerve is swollen on is squeezed against the filling.\nI would ideally like to save the tooth rather than killing it of the bat. What should be done?Thank yo", "title": "I am having some problems with tooth No 25?"}
{"text": "Hello, my husband is lethargic, sleeps a lot during the day, is losing weight and has no appetite.  We have been trying to lose weight, however, this is different. He is also coughing and can\u2019t get rid of the cough. He is over 65ys", "title": "My husband is lethargic, sleeps a lot during the day, is losing weight and has no appetite?"}
{"text": "Im a 32yo female. Have been having problems for a few years, very vaguely. But recently Ive been having left chest and shoulder pain, and now severe left flank pain. My last bloods showed high creatinine levels but dr didn\u2019t care. I have gone to another gp ans she has redone these but i don\u2019t have results. I\u2019m in so much pain and am on my own with 6 kids. First gp mentioned possible kidney damage? I pass urine a lot, I\u2019m very thirsty, forgetful/foggy, so tired. I don\u2019t know if its worth going to the hospital for though", "title": "Ive been having left chest and shoulder pain, and now severe left flank pain possible kidney damage?"}
{"text": "Hello\u2026 I have terrible heartburn in my throat\u2026\nI have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach\n.. It is a uncomfortable bloating feeling.. Hurts to apply pressure\u2026  Stomach kinda sticks out in that area als", "title": "I have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach?"}
{"text": "I have been sick with over 102 degree fever for four days straight now. I have been staying hydrated and rested and eating well. this fever ust wont break. I have tried ibuprofen, tylenol, and naproxen (within recomended time and all. not all together.) but with no affect on the fever. should i be worried", "title": "I have been sick with over 102 degree fever for four days straight now?"}
{"text": "Some tests I did privately for hormonal function included 24hr tests for Creatinine, Calcium, Potassium, Sodium, Magnesium and Phosphorus. Every single one of these tests came out very high, what does this mean? I also have the same tests done in 2012 and they are high too so this isnt a fluke test. very concerned and dont have any medical direction. Potassium, Sodium, Magnesium, Creatinine and calcium have been tested in serum and are in range. Image of test attached.\nSymptoms:\nFrequent urination fatigue anxiety Dizzyness since childhood", "title": "Tests show high levels of Creatinine, Calcium, Potassium, Sodium, Magnesium and Phosphorus?"}
{"text": "This relates to my mother, an 89 year old lady in the UK.  Confined to a wheelchair for many years (ostensibly multiple sclerosis but questionable), and having a urostomy stoma,  5 years ago she went into septic shock following UTI which, though she survived and recovered brought out/forward vascular dementia.The progression of her dementia has been slow enough to be imperceptible except in retrospect. 2 weeks ago I became aware that she had \u201csuddenly\u201d  become  almost totally non talkative, and what  few words of intelligible English she had till now retained had almost disappeared. I feared and suspect this was a step change progression in her dementia. A hesitant and shaky use of her arms/hands when eating also became apparent. The possibility she may have another UTI as an alternative explanation did occur to me and her talkative interaction did  appear to gradually improve over the following week. However last Thursday the urine in her night drainage bag was full of material and blood red..this quickly cleared but the following day mucous or pus was in her urine. Both consistent with a UTI.District nurses took her readings and found her blood pressure was normal but her temperature was undetectably low so called out the doctor. He found the same readings and noting her cloudy urostomy bag had her admitted to hospital on suspicion of Urosepsis on the Friday evening. She was given intravenous antibiotics and fluids for a few days, and seemed generally \u201cnormal\u201d during most of her stay (though I noted each day her forehead still felt cool to the touch). By Wednesday we were told all her readings were fine and they were sending her home..though she appeared to me to be more ill than she had been to that point. She came home on Thursday (48 hours ago) with a course of oral amoxycillin. Her use of her arms remains painfully poor and is basically being spoon fed. Friday morning I noticed a large swelling and bruising on the shin of her left leg \u2013 not having seen her leg for over a week there was no way to determine if it was like this in hospital or had been banged in teh ambulance\u2026or was a symptom of infection or disease. The doctor was called out and confirmed it was a bruise, not a thrombosis or clot. (It doesn\u2019t appear to cause her any pain and is not warm to the touch) Later that day nurses again took her temperature during a routine visit and found it was still unnaturally low.\nBy this point I had read online that slow, uncoordinated arm movements and weakness can be a symptom of hypothermia itself (I left the heating on over night and she felt normal this morning though seems to be cooling again) I\u2019ve also now read that unexplained bruising can be a symptom of sepsis. So I\u2019m naturally very confused that all these things may or may not be connected, or has she simply deteriorated?For the last 24 hours she\u2019s mostly slept. When woken last evening she spent over an hour repeating meaningless words (\u201coh come on\u201d ) over and over. Progressing dementia \u2026or delirium?  This morning and again this afternoon she\u2019s only taken a few bites of food before refusing any more then going back to sleep. Her outward breath is very audible. When she does wake or eat she chokes or coughs a lot\u2026again all this is new, but I understand consistent with advanced dementia\u2026yet  as I say I can\u2019t help wondering especially given the temperature issue and possibly the bruising, if she does in fact have sepsis after all despite the hospital tests which deemed her fit for discharge.The medical details on her hospital discharge notes read as follows\nFor \u201cMSU Microscopy\u201d it reads WBCs  : <20   x10^6/L      RBCs   : Not raised x10^6/L  Epithelial cells: Scanty  Comment: Culture - No Significant Bacterial Growth\n\nFor Blood Culture it reads\"Culture negative after 72 hours incubation. A further report will only be issued on culture of a significant organism\"\n\nUnder Clinical course at the bottom of the page it says \"Treated as urosepsis.  Normal wcc .  No urine investigations suggesting UTI.  CXR - poor inspiration no real evidence of pneumonia.\n\nSo is all of this the consequence of a progression in her mental decline? Or are the changes in her more likely to be the cause of still present sepsis, pneumonia , or some other condition? Without any new symptoms and her blood pressure, heart etc consistently reading fine, there's not an awful lot to take back to the GP. But something is clearly not right", "title": "My mother has \u201csuddenly\u201d  become  almost totally non talkative?"}
{"text": "Dear doctor\nI am suffering from Bell\u2019s palsy from 11 days\n40 yr/ male\nonset with persistent  paroxismal pain in the ear\u2026\u2026..\nEven after  11 days of high dose prednisone with antivirals,,,,, couldn\u2019t  relieve pain\nPlz. Dr. what can I do? worried about disfiguring", "title": "I am suffering from Bell\u2019s palsy from 11 days?"}
{"text": "Dark spots appear on my kid\u2019s skin, they start from light to dark in hours until they flake. there are no itching, swelling, or bleeding. No fever or any changes on his health or daily activities. he had the same problem 3 months ago and continued for a week, a doctor said it\u2019s fungi and will disappear without any intervention. after 3 months they start coming back on groups. if a spot shows up in right cheek, another one will shows up on the opposite side (left cheek). he lives in a dry environment and until now they show up in this winter.\n please I need a second opinion", "title": "Dark spots appear on my kid\u2019s skin No fever or any changes on his health?"}
{"text": "I am a 36 w/f I have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit almost directly inline with my nipple (Just to give an exact location), that feels like it goes straight out through my back at the exact location. The pain radiates down to my right under arm and stops approximatly 3 inches from my elbow. The pain transitions from dull to stabbing when deep breathes are taken, when I move my arm a certain way and when lying down. This has gradually gotten worse over the past week. Please advise if I should go to the ER or what the possibilities of causes could be", "title": "I have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 24 year old female. I have a really bad earache. I went into an insta care on Saturday for it, and the doctor told me I have a middle ear infection. He gave me a prescription for amoxicillin and told me to take Ibuprofen and use heat packs on it to help the pain. Two days later, I am in excruciating pain. My ear hurts to the touch, and the lymph node next to my ear is really swollen. I can\u2019t open my mouth without it hurting. I am wondering if I got the wrong diagnosis, and if there is something else I can do to relieve the pain. Thank you", "title": "I have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I am 18 years old and male\nsuffering from hair follicile infection (folliculitis n seborrhoa) on my HEAD. this is occuring again and again. USED Isozam capsule for 1 month,dalacin t lotion and konaz shampoo but no use. it finishes in 1 week but again erupts on my head", "title": "I am suffering from hair follicle infection (folliculitis n seborrhoa)"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) I\u2019m 32 and have been in a lot of severe pain with my lower back since September 16 it\u2019s continuous pain 24/7 I\u2019ve tried Co codamol, napraxon,amtitriptaline and none of them has helped ease the pain had an MrI scan results was undisplaced bileteral l5 pars defect the pain has taking over my life and I can\u2019t cope with it anymore plz help I\u2019m doing physio at the minute that\u2019s not helping with the pain I don\u2019t no what to do about this situatio", "title": "I have been in a lot of severe pain with my lower back since September?"}
{"text": "I went to the E.R. last week. My cell phone caught fire and I researched what was in the fumes after I decided to go to the hospital. I told the E.R. doctor that I was exposed to these fumes long enough for my eyes, ears, throat to burn and skin to be irritated. I also lost a sense of time and felt dizzy with chest pains. Should they have done toxicology screenings with blood and urine tests since I said I was exposed to chemicals", "title": "My cell phone caught fire and I was exposed to chemical fumes?"}
{"text": "Male:26 years old. Symptoms started 3 months back.1) Floaters in eyes (have increased and permanent),slightly blurred vision,sensitive to brightness & light 2)Very mild tremor in hands 3)Occasional numbness in hands and legs (Now better) 4) Bilirubin level very slightly high (1.1) (now below 1 i.e 0.5-0.6) 5) Little fatigue (Now better)\n) Had very minor rash on both shoulder and nose (skin colored and non itchy) still there.  HIV, HCV, HBV, HAV all negative.. kindly suggest what it is and what test you recommend.Thanks", "title": "I have slightly blurred vision,  numbness in hands and legs?"}
{"text": "Hello I am a 25 years old female.. I have got pimples all over my face.. I changed my dermatologist twice since they proved me of no help and have taken every possible medicines bt of no use.. My wounds won\u2019t heal soon.. I have undergone every possible test related with the same like Blood,thyroid,sugar,HB,some test related to kidney function as well.. Yet the tests proved nothing wrong. My body is functioning all good.. I really don\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong with me.. My face is still full with pimples and dark spots.. I look ugly as hell.. If you have any solution then please help..", "title": "I have got pimples all over my face.. I changed my dermatologist twice since they proved me of no help?"}
{"text": "About two years ago I had a lot abdominal pain and the blood test results for my liver were at 72 and should have been around 15. I had a scan but they could not see my liver Cleary as I have a high diaphragm and by chance they saw a lump in my gallbladder. They forgot about my liver issue and concentrated on gall bladed which has now been removed and the biopsy was all clear. I assumed everything else was okay but the past 4 weeks I have been having slight abdominal pains but what I am more concerned about is that I have been getting shooing pains in my legs and arms and also the back of my calves have been burning. In addition have been very tired and falling asleep in the day. I have been to the doctors for more blood tests and my folate is low but my liver reading is 79, which is very high, I don\u2019t drink alcohol or smoke. The shooting pains and burning sensation my not be related to the liver issue. She has not give me any indication what could be wrong but send me for another scan. what if it is something really bad and it has got worse over the two years? I am only 32 and have 4 kids and just want to be okay. Any thoughts would be really welcomed", "title": "I had a lot abdominal pain and the blood test results for my liver were at 72?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m (\u2026) 57 yr. old. History multiple myeloma, have defibrilator, low blood pressure. Meds: omeprazole, baby aspirin, Coumadin, amiodarone,fleccanide, lisinopril, neurontin, Ativan, metropolol. What has me concerned is blurry vision, which is a side effect of fleccanide, but it\u2019s mainly left eye. Also when I get up from sitting I take one step, get off balance, weak and walk like a drunk person. Have not fallen but come close, walk Into chairs. This is occasionally", "title": "I have history of Multiple Myeloma when I get up from sitting I take one step get off balance?"}
{"text": "sir I am suffering from cornic BHP prostate gland size USG.77 grm,i am on foley tube,(urine bag from 7 months doc says need surgery,but i dont want,i am 63 yerss old, taking TAB.TUMSOLINE.04 MG.once at bed time,  please advise me batter medicine,rest i am in good health.i live in Pakistan ,city Rawalpindi.i will be be extremely thankful to you.plz advise", "title": "I am suffering from cornic BHP prostate gland size USG.77 grm i am on foley tube?"}
{"text": "hi i had open gallbladder surgery in 1988 ,i just find out by a x ray i have 10 stables inside of me can you tell me if this is normal for the doctor to leave them in me thank yo", "title": "I just find out by a x ray I have 10 stables inside of me, is it normal after surgery?"}
{"text": "I had breast reduction when I was 20 years old, my doctor took 550 g from right and 450g from left breast. I am 6 months post op and my left breast looks bigger  and not as tender as right breast. Will my breast get more symmetrical", "title": "I had breast reduction, my doctor took 550 g from right and 450g from left breast?"}
{"text": "Hello. My daughter has these bumps on her arm and I can\u2019t seem to figure out what it is? Please help. Thanks", "title": "My daughter has these bumps on her arm and I can\u2019t seem to figure out what it is?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been coughing up blood today, and brown mucus prior to this. The blood is mixed with mucus, bright red and bubbly. It has eased for now, and the quantity of blood wasn\u2019t a lot either. Also, I\u2019m a smoker, there\u2019s no one with TB or fever or anything around me. The brown mucus is there for around a week and the blood just started today. What should I do? And honestly, should I be worried? Pls let me knew whether I should worry or not", "title": "I\u2019ve been coughing up blood today?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) and I am 19 years old. I gave birth 3.5 years ago, and that was the only time I needed medical attention in my life. A year ago I found a large lump, about 2 inches long and half an inch wide, in the top of my right breast. I have no medical insurance, therefore no doctor will see me. I also cannot get a mammogram because I am so young. I don\u2019t know what to do. I am worried sick and constantly exhausted. All I ever want to do is sleep. I\u2019ve been eating healthy and I cut pop out of my diet, however I still just don\u2019t feel right. Please help me", "title": "A year ago I found a large lump top of my right breast?"}
{"text": "I donated plasma the other day and there power went out .  25 min later they turned the machine by hand to return my blood.   My vein was hard about 1 inch long but now 3 days later it\u2019s from my elbow to my wrist hard and hurts and I\u2019m getting bad headache", "title": "I donated plasma the other day my vein is now hard and hurts and I\u2019m getting bad headaches?"}
{"text": "My 22 year old son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year.\nHis L 4-5 disk just went out yesterday.Can he receive acupuncture treatment to deal with the pain?Thank you for your consideration", "title": "My son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year.  His L 4-5 disk just went out yesterday?"}
{"text": "I was admitted to ICU in a hospital with below conditions at night 4 AM: BP: 90/60 mmHg, Temp: Afebrile, PR: 80/min,CVS,R,PA: NAD\nGiddiness, started generalized itching, nausea.No history of headache, visual disturbance, weakness of limbs, bowel and bladder disturbances.No history of DM/HTN/epilepsy/drug allergy/thyroid illness\nThere was blood and urine analysis, brain CT, abdominal ultrasound done \u2013 no problem foundDiagnosis: VBI, BPPV\nPlease let me know if i was diagnosed right", "title": "I was admitted to ICU in a hospital Diagnosis: VBI, BPPV, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi there, I\u2019m a 19 year old female and I\u2019ve been having some trouble breathing through my nose. I am able to breathe in relatively fine, but when I try to exhale through my nose it\u2019s like my sinuses are completely clogged. It\u2019s almost like a flap is allowing me to breathe in, but not out. Nothing helps this problem\u2013 medication, forcing myself to breathe through my nose, neti pot, decongestants\u2026I\u2019ve tried everything. This isn\u2019t a constant thing, but it happens from time to time and doesn\u2019t go away for days or weeks. I sound all plugged up, food tastes bad, my ears won\u2019t stop popping. What is wrong with me and what would I do", "title": "I\u2019ve been having some trouble breathing through my nose?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m a 23 year old female I\u2019ve had chronic insomnia since I was 16. For almost 2 years now I\u2019ve been having progressive symptoms. It started with frequent infections and infections that lasted longer. Then I started having dizziness and fainting recurrently. Palpitations And low blood pressure. I started having acute body pain lasting only a few minutes feeling like a shock went through my body. Then I got easy and spontaneous bruising mostly localized to my arms. Having recurrent fevers with chills. Bleeding gums and a weird feeling of fullness in my abdomen on left side. And sometimes I now get an itchy throat from foods I\u2019ve always eaten which improves with antihistamines\nProblems in childhood\nI\u2019ve had migraines since early childhood.\nSinusitis since early childhood\nI didn\u2019t have a lot of infections  as a child i only had a recurrent diagnosis of glandular fevers.\nMy migraines got worse since puberty and I had irregular heavy menstrual cycles also causing fainting.\nI\u2019ve had a few orthopedic and dental surgeries. Woke up during the last surgery at age 14.\nMedications\nThe only treatment i am on is antihistamines. I do not use pain medication. I was on amitrypteline for 1 year for insomnia with no effect.\nI was put on depo provera injections at age 18 to stop my periods but  stopped using it 2 years later because my migraines got worse\nLifestyle\nI don\u2019t use recreational drugs and drink alcohol occasionally  like once every 4 months.\nI have been a smoke since age 14\nI\u2019ve never been sexually active and don\u2019t use contraceptives.\nI am a shift worker at an active profession\nI exercise routinely except when I am too sick\nMy bmi is 25\nI eat healthy foods but only supper as I don\u2019t have an appetite earlier during the day\nI use to drink water constantly now i struggle to consume as much.\nInvestigations\nSince 2014 i had routine cbc tests as an abnormality was picked up on 1 test I had a recurrent elevated WBC count of about 14. Also having high RDW 18 high hematocrit 0.510 and low mchc 30. On some occasions having elevated platelets  of 110.\nI had 1 labtest only with elevated alp 122\nAnd recurrent lft with low ast  and bilirubin.\nOn my kidney functions only having low bicarbonate high anion gap recurrent with some instances of elevated potassium of 5.3. Urea is always 2.4 or lower reaching 2.0.\nHad 2 tft one showing hypo other hyper 3rd normal\nCalcium and phosphate normal\nIron studies normal with ferritin 33\nInr and ptt normal\nHad crp of 58 and esr 28 a while ago\nHba1c 6.0%\nNegative ana\nNeg hep a,b and c\nNeg Elisa HIV.\nTsh 0.6 Now i am still having the symptoms but cbc normal with wbc count at 8. The doctors don\u2019t  know what is  wrong since everything comes back normal. The symptoms are mostly intermittent only insomnia is persistent. I\u2019m starting to feel like I\u2019m crazy I just want to be healthy. I need answers if anyone can please give me advice", "title": "I\u2019ve been having progressive symptoms for almost 2 years now doctors don\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong?"}
{"text": "Hi! I\u2019m a 41 year old woman, non-smoking and generally in good health. In the past couple months I have started waking up at night coughing up fluid and feeling like \u201cdrowning \u201c. Before Christmas last year I had a 3 weeks period during which I had daily heart palpitations. I didn\u2019t think much of it since I sometimes get palpitations if stressed out. However now having these nightly coughing fits, started thinking those may be related. I read online, that fluids collecting in lungs could possibly have to do with heart.I have had a couple of colds this winter and got antibiotics for sinus infection which healed fine. I also have seasonal allergies which I take Claritin occasionally.I appreciate your answers and recommendations. Thanks", "title": "I have started waking up at night coughing up fluid and feeling like \u201cdrowning \u201c?"}
{"text": "I have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back. When it kicks in really intensely it spreads to my back, chest and stomach too. It feels like there is a lump inside between my ribs right at the top of my rib cage. And when the pain is at its worst I can\u2019t bend to the right side much as it feels like my ribs are being blocked from moving any further and it causes really sever pain to do so. When it\u2019s at its worst I can\u2019t lay down, sit up or stand as everything makes it a lot worse", "title": "I have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctor, I have sinus, even when I get a cold my nose always remain dry , but I do get headache often, I got Rhinocap  to take twice a day plus a nasal spray called avamys\u2026My problem is I feel like suffocating, I can\u2019t breath easily my nose feel like blocked\u2026.I have to breathe through the mouth and it\u2019s tiring. Is there any home made remedy for that Please ??", "title": "I have sinus problems even when I get a cold my nose always remain dry?"}
{"text": "Concerned about my daughter\u2019s recent blood work. My daughter is Caucasian, 7 years old, about 50\u2033 tall, and 54 lbs. She is taking Vyvanse 20mg for ADHD and Zarontin for CAE. She just started the Zarontin early February. Recently she hasn\u2019t been sleeping well. She has swollen lymph nodes on her neck (one has been there for a while, and she is due for an Ultra Sound of neck soon). Her PCP did some blood work yesterday, and some of the results make me wonder what is going on with me baby? Today she was sleepy most of the day.\nThe numbers that have me the most concerned are:\nANC (absolute Neutrophil count) \u2013 1.0 Low\nWBC (White Blood Cell) \u2013 2.6 Low [yet was 4.8 three weeks ago] -what can cause this drop?\nGlobulin 1.9 Low\nMonocyte 19.0% HighWhat can cause this deviation from the normal ranges? and the big drop in WBC", "title": "Concerned about my daughter\u2019s recent blood work?"}
{"text": "Can transplant be considered for someone whose kidneys have not yet failed? The patient cannot take medication for an unrelated illness because his kidneys can not handle strong meds. Is transplant an option", "title": "Can transplant be considered for someone whose kidneys have not yet failed?"}
{"text": "My daughter is going to be four months old next week.  She was eating four to six ounces of milk every 3-4 hours and recently only eats 2-4 ounces. She has reflux but have never had this issue with her before. She cries after and sometimes while eating. She does pass gas while and during feeding", "title": "My daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?"}
{"text": "72 years, male, Re cataract surgery.\nSurgery all set to go tomorrow 8 AM.\nProblem I forgot to take the eye drops until 4pm today.  I should have been taking 3 times a day from Monday through today.\nDrops are Ciprofloxacin.3%, Ketorolac .4%, Prednisone AC 1%.\nAm I putting myself at great risk by going ahead with the Surgery?  Would risk be reduced if I take drops every 2 hours until midnight tonight?\nI take Prednisone for R/A.  Would taking an increased dose from 5 MG help", "title": "Surgery all set to go tomorrow 8 AM. Problem I forgot to take the eye drops until 4pm today?"}
{"text": "I have a fracture on my left hand finger while I was playing football. I put plaster for three weeks. And after removed and take an x-ray. But it is same as first day\u2019s x-ray. Now 1month 10 days past. No pain on fracture.  But little pain on finger joints. Yesterday also i took an x-ray.  It shows same like first day. My age is 40yrs. Pls advise", "title": "I have a fracture on my left hand finger while I was playing football?"}
{"text": "Hey doc\u2026 I have been diagnosed with three kidney stone\u2026. been through two sonography\u2026 I don\u2019t want any surgery or lithotripsy \u2026 I am on local meds\u2026 i.e. alfuzosin and drotin-m\u2026. the stones are moving\u2026 first sonography report says I had two stones in my kidney and one was in ureter.The second sonography report said one stone is at lower part of ureter that is at the opening of bladder and the second one is at upper part of ureter and third one is in kidney still.my questions goes like\u2026How long will it take the stone to get dropped into the bladder and are meds fine for me", "title": "I have been diagnosed with three kidney stone?"}
{"text": "I had a epidural for pain today in my lumbar around l5 and right after i had a very short headache     it was done at around 10am and slowly i have started to feel worse and worse.   I have taken 60mg of oxycodone through the day and its noy touching the pain. My pain is in my upper back n neck now. I first noticed it when i looked down it pulled at my spine like a knife in my lumbar now yhe pain is between my shoulder blades and i just feel off and my anxiety is a the worst ever.    What is wrong? Plz help me im freaking out.  Do i need to go to hospital.   Is it serious.  Will it go away? I have a bad neck more than my back but the pain meds help any other time. Thus just is so off feeling.  Im in tears literally", "title": "I had a epidural for pain today in my lumbar I have started to feel worse?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 44 year old woman with very swollen stomach has been like this for 4 months\nI\u2019ve had Endoscopy / colonoscopy / X-ray and ct scan and every blood test known to man the only thing that has shown up is a small cyst on my ovary but been told it\u2019s too small to be causing the swelling I get pelvic pain and dizziness with a few fainting spells\nMy gp has told me they can\u2019t find anything wrong and thinks my stomach muscles have stretched I went from a size 10 to now wearing maternity clothe", "title": "I\u2019m a 44 year old woman with very swollen stomach has been like this for 4 months?"}
{"text": "My Name is (\u2026), i am Health worker and i am in Somaliland East Africa,\nMy question is ;\n4 of my children have got MEASLES  three of them are in the first four days and they are 8years, 4years, and 2years while the other one is becoming  recovering , these children are rejecting oral feeding they are coughing and vomating and high fever the rashes does not apear on their body except the mouth, so far please send me your advice.  Thanks", "title": "My children have got MEASLES?"}
{"text": "My husband has not been sick or had any virus, but Thursday he was couging in the morning and coughed up phlegm with bright red blood about 6 times a day.  2 times it was just streaked red, but the other times it was about 1tsp.  Sinced that first event, he has coughed up phlegm and blood (bright red and an clump about 1 1/2 inch across\u2013not streaked. The sputum an phlegm does look bubbly).  He did have gastric sleeve surgery well 2 years ago and has been doing well with it, although he does sometimes have reflux.  Would irritation or ulceration in esophagus cause coughing up blood? What other things could cause this", "title": "My husband has been coughing up phlegm with bright red blood?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 32 year old male. I had a UTI just over a year or so. I was given trimethoprim with no effect and then moved onto ciprofloxacin. On the last day of antibiotics the infection cleared up, but I developed the make equivalent of thrush. I was advised this was due to the strong antibiotics. Ever so often I now get mild, recurring UTI symptoms like a slight stinging or burning from time to time, occasionally feeling like I need to pee after I\u2019ve just been. Just a lot milder as I say. I\u2019m not a big drinker, but sometimes if I drink alcohol I\u2019ve now also found this makes me more or less feel like I need to go straight away.I do have a partner and have unprotected sex, but we\u2019ve been together 3 years faithfully. I didn\u2019t get treatment for the thrush and just kept it clean and dry as I\u2019m aware you should and it cleared up on it\u2019s own. I\u2019m a bit of a worrier and when these symptoms flare up I\u2019m at my wits end wondering what it is or if I\u2019m getting another UTI. Any help is greatly appreciate", "title": "I\u2019m a 32 year old male. I had a UTI just over a year?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m 21 years old with extreme irregular periods. I really want to start having children but don\u2019t want to rely on birth control to regulate my cycle. Are there any natural ways you recommend or is going back on the pill my only option. I\u2019ve been off of any type of birth control for 2 years now before I was on the depo shot for 2 years. Please hel", "title": "I really want to start having children but don\u2019t want to rely on birth control to regulate my cycle?"}
{"text": "I have struggled with a UTI, been on antibiotics 3 times (twice the same, one time other one tested with urine culture). UTI is finally gone.Still have a pressured and annoying feeling towards bladder, pelvic region probably called. Ultrasounds made both outer and inner, nothing to see..What is wrong with me? It\u2019s fairly annoying to be spending money and nothing found constantly.. help", "title": "I have struggled with a Urinary Tract Infection (UTI), been on antibiotics 3 times?"}
{"text": "I have developed a tremor in my left hand for the last 5 months.  It is only when I do one specific action (i.e chopping movement from the elbow)  My hand quivers from side to side when I do this.  I also have tenderness in my elbow and my doctor is dismissive of it and says it must be tennis elbow.  But it is going on so long now I am getting concerned.  I have seen a neurologist 3 years ago in relation to tingling of the arms and legs and jumping muscles.  She did some simple neurological exams on me and said it was not anything but maybe fibromyalgia.  I am concerned that this is a progression of something that went undiagnosed", "title": "I have developed a tremor in my left hand concerned that this is a progression of something that went not diagnosed?"}
{"text": "Looking for advice regarding interactions between CBD supplements (for pain relief) vs bisoprolol, ramipril and apixiban.\nMy mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication. Pain meds are doing little and considering CBD as an alternativ", "title": "My mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication?"}
{"text": "Hello, Female age 40.  I woke up on Sunday morning with an awful metallic taste my mouth.  It was there when I swallowed food/drink.  It has persisted to get worse over the last few days.  It is extremely difficult to eat due to the taste that occurs when I swallow and now even smell.  I went to urgent care yesterday and the physician did not have an answer other than to put me on antibiotics thinking maybe it could be an infection.  I have been congested in my nose for and may have sinus infection but it has not been confirmed.  Have you experienced patients that have come to you with this issue in the past?  Please advise.  I started taking amoxicillin yesterday.  Today the metallic taste is at its worst since", "title": "I woke up on Sunday morning with an awful metallic taste in my mouth?"}
{"text": "Hi my daughter has not had a voice for 9 weeks only a whisper she has had every treatment the doctor can give and has been referred to ent doctors but its a very long waiting time and shes in pain something under her chin is a bit swollen but her neck is in pain it all started with a simple sore throat what was put down to a virus but after 4 weeks had passed bloods where took all clear she is also getting mucus coming up and some times blood in it what should she do in the mean time of waiting on a appointment she is 19 she has no temperature and no sickness just no voice and neck pai", "title": "My daughter has not had a voice for 9 weeks only a whisper?"}
{"text": "I have suffered from severe headaches and migraines for years and quite recently I have started to have constant buzzing in my ears and, when I am walking, I can hear something in my head as though something is clicking or tapping against my skull. I can\u2019t seem to place where the clicking or tapping is occurring but I can hear it and I am wondering if my headaches and migraines are being caused by something in my head. It sounds like fingernails tapping against each other in my head and only occurs when I am walking. Should this be something I should be concerned about", "title": "I have suffered from severe headaches and migraines for years?"}
{"text": "I used ultra chloraseptic spray on my 7 year old daughter and didn\u2019t realise she had to hold her breath. She inhaled (gently, normal or even lighter breathing while I tried to get the back of her throat) on two or three occasions of using the spray. It was a few weeks ago, I didn\u2019t think anything of it at the time but on closer inspection of the instructions when using it on her big brother today, I see it is vital to hold your breath. I am worried now that I may have caused her problems and googling answers is not helping my nerves\u2026 she has shown no signs of any concern but I wonder if I need to look out for anything", "title": "I used ultra chloraseptic spray on my 7 year old daughter?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m a 57 year old male non smoking in previously good general health. In late jan 2017 I experienced a nstemi HA I had two stents fitted and was informed my HA was mild with mininal damage my EF was 45. I felt good for about a week but then began experiencing chest pain again I returned to the ER and was taken to the Cath lab and was informed all was good. About two weeks later I again returned to the ER with chest pain I was given an echo stress test which I passed with no problems. My EF was 60. I was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related. Since then I have still been experiencing on going chest pain with no answers. I have previously been diagnosed with ptsd and anxiety disorder which has led me to the ER several times in previous years with chest pain.\nI know I can\u2019t keep going back to the ER with chest pain but it\u2019s hard to know the pain is now daily.\n I have been given nitro to take but it doesn\u2019t seem to do anything to help me with pain. The only thing that\u2019s seems to help is Ativan but I know you can\u2019t take this everyday. I guess I\u2019m just asking for a second opinion. My GP is not to concerned as he believes my ongoing pain is anxiety related", "title": "I was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi , got my all 4 of my wisdom teeth out 7 months, but about 4 days ago i got sharp pain in my lower jaw bone , the surgeon said he had to talk cartilage out from my jaw when he was doing the operation, but i hadn\u2019t had any previous pain before hand, and now its starting to effect my other side of my bottom jaw, just wondering could it be a bone infection thank", "title": "Surgeon said he had to take cartilage out from my jaw?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a 25 year old male. I have been very fatigued for about a week and having numbness in my left arm and chest pain and shortness of breath. About three days ago I felt like I was going to pass out. I had time to go to a urgent care today and they advised going to the ER. The ER did a EKG and said they think I had a minor heart attack/myocardial infarction. My chest X-ray and cardiac enzymes were normal so they said I am stable now and can return to normal activity but to follow up with a cardiologist. Is this correct or is the EKG just affected by being nervous about being in the E", "title": "I had a minor heart attack/myocardial infarction?"}
{"text": "HiI recently had a small back operation to treat a prolapsed disc. During the operation I contracted a spinal infection and 3 operations later I have been left with a damaged spine at the L4/5 level.The pain in my spine is chronic and I also suffer from severe referred pain.As a result I have been prescribed a range of pain killers including 80mg of Oxycodone daily, 300mg of Pregabalin daily, 40mg of Paroxetine daily and 20mg of Oxynorm as required.My questions are: \u2018Would this be considered an appropriate level of pain medication for my condition and what long-term side effects should I expect", "title": "I contracted a spinal infection and 3 operations later I have been left with a damaged spine?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 54 years old. Female. Two years ago I was diagnosed with Colon cancer. I\u2019ve since had surgery. I\u2019ve had chemotherapy and radiation. The last CT scan showed no sign of cancer. My problem now is that I have so much gas. I take 125mg of semithicone when it getsd bad and sometimes that doesn\u2019t help. Could there be another underlying condition that I don\u2019t know about or is this common after a bowel resection", "title": "Two years ago I was diagnosed with Colon cancer?"}
{"text": "am suffering from last nineteen years  hyper thyroid first year am taking neo mercazole 5 mg tablet ( 3 numbers ) propal10 ( propatheline  ) TAKE THE MEDICINE IN 6 MONTHS AFTER TO STOP MEDICINE. TWO YEARS LATER THE symptoms have begun again I am taking medicine neomercazole 20 mg and atonale 50 mg,\nnow my thyroid level is high my physician advises me surgery to remove the gland  can you suggest is better nuclear medicine or is better in surger", "title": "High thyroid level, is surgery or nuclear medicine better?"}
{"text": "I am 50 years old and have a contraception implant.  I am going through the menopause can I take HRT tablets if I have this implant.  Can you please advise me I would appreciate you assistance.  My blood pressure is fine and my weight is as well and just been seen by a Nurse.", "title": "Can I take Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) tablets while having a contraception implant?"}
{"text": "My husband is 32 and experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats. He wakes up drenched and freezing and the smell is pungent and sour \u2013 not like body odor.\nHe is also experiencing sexual performance issues and what he describes as less sensitivity and the inability to maintain an erection.\nHe has been on antidepressants for approximately 6 months and switched to Prozac approx. 3 months ago for anxiety and depression. He is under a significant amount of stress and our marriage has been on the rocks for some time as well. I\u2019m assuming all of these are linked, as he is an otherwise healthy, young guy. He had a vasectomy 3 months ago as well, but I\u2019m not sure if that is relevant.\nThe night sweats concern me because they seem to be getting worse and nothing seems to help whatsoever. The smell is terrible and really makes me worry something is wrong. I\u2019m worried about him and just want to help. Any advice is appreciated", "title": "My husband experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats?"}
{"text": "Hello. I am a 25 year old male and was recently in the ER for a bad infection. I had a CT scan with contrast and the ER doctor said I should follow up with my primary care because of the result but didnt explain it. What does it mean? I was concerned to see atrophic liver, but wasn\u2019t sure if this is something serious. Here is the result:\n\u201cThe left lobe of the liver is atrophic. No suspicious liver lesion identified. The gallbladder, biliary tree, pancreas, spleen, and adrenal glands are normal. Kidneys are normal. The abdominal aorta, IVC, and mesenteric vasculature appear normal. The bowel is patulous and fluid-filled throughout the small bowel without obstruction. Surgical clip is seen in the right lower quadrant likely from prior appendectomy. Mild increase and stool right colon with normal caliber left colon. The bladder appears normal. Prostate mildlypr ominent. Minimal fat within the inguinal canals without sniffing hernia. No free fluid or pneumoperitoneum. No pathologic adenopathy.\nIMPRESSION:\n1. Minimal prominence of fluid-filled small bowel without evidence of obstruction. This could represent a mild enteritis or small bowel ileus.\n2. Atrophic, somewhat lobular left lobe of liver.\n3. Mildly prominent prostat", "title": "I was recently in the ER for a bad infection, concerned about atrophic liver?"}
{"text": "Hi I have had raised bumps on my face for years now and I have no idea what they are. They do not itch, burn or anything, they are just there and they won\u2019t go away or have not gotten better. I just want to know what they are and hopefully find a way to treat them. I would really appreciate the help. Thank you", "title": "I have had raised bumps on my face for years now?"}
{"text": "Hello,Just had a (3 roots) root canal treatment at the dentist there was/is an inflammation. Now i have lots of pain. Worse than before the Root canal treatment. My dentist say\u2019s antibiotics dont help for the inflemmation. Is She correct? Or Should I go to an other dentist for the antibiotics", "title": "Just had 3 root canals at the dentist, now I have lots of pain?"}
{"text": "Hi.\nI have been diagnosed with tuberculosis disease, but me and my family doubts this diagnosis.\nI had a tuberculin skin test which appeared to give negative results.\nAfter a week of coughing with smelly phlegm and fever, the fever is gone, the phlegm is not smelly anymore and I have little to no cough at all anymore.\nThough I did have an x ray thrice which showed an activity in the right upper lobe of my lungs, i still don\u2019t think it\u2019s tb.\ncould it be some other minor illness?\ni feel perfectly fine and energetic right now. could it be a wrong diagnosis? thanks in advance. Male, 1", "title": "I have been diagnosed with tuberculosis disease, but me and my family doubts this diagnosis?"}
{"text": "Hi I have a 15 year old son that has a lump in his armpit. He discovers it 3-4 weeks ago. I took him to the emergency room and they did an ultrasound and found 7 enlarged lymph nodes. He was prescribed antibiotics and finished them. The one lump is still there. He has ckd stage 3 and has one kidney. My question is could this be lymphoma", "title": "Hi I have a 15 year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?"}
{"text": "Can you help me read my MRI arthrogram I am waiting for the results but I m impatient and would like to have a general idea of what to expec", "title": "Can you help me read my MRI arthrogram?"}
{"text": "Hello doctors, Recently i had an acute EBV antibody test done. all 4 panels came back negative, even though i am very symptomatic. With these results can i rule out the very rare fatal disease SCAEBV (Severe Chronic Active Epstein-Barr Virus Infection)??", "title": "I had an acute EBV antibody test done can i rule out the very rare fatal disease SCAEBV?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m (\u2026). My younger brother that is 1 year and 7 months has a medical problem. He swallowed a battery and it has affected his Esophagus. He now has a blockage in his Esophagus which now makes him unable to swallow any thing. An operation was done for him in the hospital in which they opened his esophagus and put a pipe in it that can enable food to pass in through when he eats but right now, the pipe did not work and instead, it got worse. I really need your help and advice, Doctor. What can be done to this for his Esophagus to open and work properly so he can eat. His blockage of Esophagus is making him thin and he is getting worse. My brother\u2019s esophagus needs to open for him to eat properly. I need an advice Please, and I will be very grateful if you receive this message and reply me", "title": "My brother has a blockage in his Esophagus which now makes him unable to swallow any thing?"}
{"text": "Hi I am in a confusing situation. I have a defect in the base of my skull and my doctors have said this is the reason I have contracted meningitis twice. I have had an intermittent csf leak for the past 8 years and I have one surgeon saying operate and the other saying don\u2019t as the risk o me losing my sense of taste is 80%! The leak is currently not active and my e n t specialist wants to do a cisternogram but I\u2019m worried if I start leaking again then they will have to operate", "title": "I have a defect in the base of my skull, need a second medical opinion?"}
{"text": "my father is a lung cancer patient nsclc with bone met he was stable after  taking 6 cycles of alimta and carboplatin but after ay ear and half we found that he has a recurrent nsclc and he is very weak he is 55 kilos weight what can i do what is your advice", "title": "My father is a lung cancer patient nsclc?"}
{"text": "HI, I AM 38 YEARS OLD, AND I\u2019VE BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH MS LAST AUGUST.MY MAIN QUESTIONS ARE 2.\nTHE FIRST IS THE LOST OF WEIGHT.BEFORE ONE YEAR I WAS 90 POUNDS AND NOW I AM 82.I AM TAKING TECFIDERA SINCE SEPTEMBER.\n2.WHEN I WAS FIRST EXAM FROM THE NEUROLOGISTS,  THEY done A TEST to evaluate cerebrospinal fluid AND THEY SHAVED MY HAIRY BACK. SINCE THEN THIS PLACE OF MY BACK  NEVER GROW NEW HAIR BUT IT IS BOLT.WHY IS THERE SOME SPECIAL REASON.", "title": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with MS (Multiple Sclerosis)"}
{"text": "I saw a doctor about petechiae, spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves, the CBC i got was normal. However my legs continue to be covered with diffrent petechiae. Its been over three weeks that this started, and it comes on in large patches about twice a week, covering about half of my thighs, or all of my calves. Could we be missing something", "title": "I have petechiae, spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves, need second medical opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026), I am 50 years old. I have multiple diseases like  type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, arthritis, fybromyalgia, excema, anxiety, depression, gerd, bone density and gastroporiesis. I take meds for everything.  My question is about the gastroporiesis, my Dr has done multiple testings and all come out to be I\u2019m constipated. I can be over 7 days without having a bowel movement.  I end up taking all the meds the Dr has prescribed. linzess, amitiza, dolcolax, miralax, metamucil, lactulose and stool softeners.  Nothing works and when it does i have diarrhea all day and painful.  Please help, I don\u2019t know what else to do", "title": "I have multiple diseases like  type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, arthritis, fybromyalgia?"}
{"text": "I am Age 55 & female. I take Prilosec 20mgs (OTC) and have taken this daily for over 10 yrs straight (maybe longer). I am recently bothered by the findings regarding taking this drug long term and its warnings that indicate osteoporosis, liver disease and dementia. I have taken this med as a daily treatment for heartburn and can not go a day without it or I will definitely suffer with heartburn. What should I be taking in place of this? Please don\u2019t say Tums ( that would be a joke). Also, my doctor always asked me what medicines I take every time I have appointment, which is every 6 months ( since I also take Zocor 10mg for elevated cholesterol ). Why if there are such findings would my doctor not be concerned about this", "title": "I take Prilosec 20mgs (OTC) and have taken this daily for over 10 yrs straight?"}
{"text": "Can dehydration cause fainting? I\u2019ve fainted 3 times in almost a 3 year span. My first two episodes were in 2014 back to back and I recently had one in 2016. I exercise quite a bit 5 days a week. Does not drinking enough water cause that? I\u2019m a little concerned because I\u2019m a truck driver and I don\u2019t want to have a episode behind the whee", "title": "I\u2019ve fainted 3 times in almost a 3 year span, does not drinking enough water cause that?"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m a sixty year old femail . I have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area for some months. My GP sent me for physio and I had six session and three sessions of acupuncture. Pilates was recommended. I had my first Pilates class yesterday, I had no pain during or later that day. This morning I awoke with the sharp pains and have experienced this all day , now I have the pain if I touch the area, I have not had this before. The pain is sharp shooting and very frightening. Thank yo", "title": "I have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area?"}
{"text": "Good day, I am a 50 year old white male. HT: 5\u201910\u201d wt: 246 lbs. HX: sleep apnea, high cholesterol and triglycerides and HBP. All controlled with medication and cpap. I have also been treated for soft tissue inflammation and arthritic symptoms for several years. My family doctor suspects psoriatic arthritis as a have several small areas of psoriasis. I recently had surgery to remove torn meniscus. My MRI revealed severely thinning cartilage. I also had carpal tunnel release in left wrist along with steriod injection in tendon of right wrist last year. Over the past several months I have developed sub-clinical premature atrial contractions but was cleared for knee surgery with good echo cardiogram and calcium score. I am now developing nodules on tendons on hands causing trigger finger along with achilles tendon nodule that is painful to touch or walk. I also have a nodule on my oppsite foot at the base of my big toe. I have also developed hematuria with restricted urine flow and output. CT scan negative for kidney stones but revealed simple cysts. No elevated creatinin. I suspect enlarged prostate pending follow up with my family doctor. I also have had significant lower back pain for years due to narrow disc space that has gotten alot worse in the past 6 months with the same timing as the PACs and urologic problems", "title": "Could psoriatic arthritis be a more systemic problem leading to multiple seemingly separate problems to include PACs, prostate/urologic, and multiple areas of tendonitis without strain or injury?"}
{"text": "Sometimes my vision in my left eye goes away for about 5 min. Then comes back, it\u2019s happened about 3 times now to me, first everything starts going dark around my eye then it closes in where i can\u2019t see anything in my left eye, then i also get very bad migraines and doctors have tried me on pretty much everything and nothing helps", "title": "Sometimes my vision in my left eye goes away, doctors have tried everything?"}
{"text": "Hello, on February 26th I had taken Plan b one step ( The morning after pill) 12 hours after intercourse with my husband. Well during the next 2 weeks I\u2019ve had horrible side effects since taking the pill. I decided to take 6 first response pregnancy test every day for 6 days. They were all negative. I decided to take two more tests the day of the appointment with my gynecologist which were also negative. The same morning my gynecologist gave me a urine pregnancy test at his office which was positive. How is is possible if I had 8 negative tests including that morning and his urine test was positive??", "title": "I had 8 negative pregnancy tests and then 1 positive?"}
{"text": "Age:20, Gender: FemaleHi\nI just gave birth, two weeks ago. It was not a normal birth i had to be operated since i was only open for 7cm.\nWhen i got home i started displaying the following symptoms:\nExcessive sweating from head to toe.\nHead pains\nDizziness\nNausea but no vomitin", "title": "I just gave birth, two weeks ago It was not a normal birth?"}
{"text": "29 M. Is (estim) safe? I have been using a TENS unit for estim, but not applying the pads directly to the testes. I put one pad on the base of the penis and the other on the buttocks or by the anus. The TENS unit I have puts out 6 milliamps of current at a max of 70v. I have not seen any articles online saying that it is not safe, with the exception to the source below.\u201cLateral electrical surface stimulation therapy has been found to destroy Leydig cells\u201d\n(Bomba G, Kowalski IM, Szarek J, Zarzycki D, Pawlicki R (2001).Link to original research article: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11386010Will doing estim on the prostate gland be safe (with an approved electric estim prostate stimulator or TENS unit power to the toy)? Is electrical current from an electro-sex toy harmful to the prostate gland? Are there any risks of infertility or harm with prolonged use? I will attach a picture of my TENS unit. Thanks", "title": "Is TENS (E-stim) safe to use for prostate?"}
{"text": "hello, recently i had an acute EBV antibody test done (not the titer test), and my results were all negative. my question is this, Can i rule out a chronic active EBV infection with my results? do i need more testing", "title": "I had an acute EBV antibody test done and my results were all negative"}
{"text": "Sir, my mother has fibroid from 2-3 years ,from 24 th feb she started bleeding and bleeding continued for 10 days due to which her haemoglobin level decreased to 4.4 , she once fainted due to such low haemoglobin so we took her to gynecologist and she immediately  advice blood transfusion (4 units of blood in span of 26 hr)\nNow after transfusion her haemoglobin level is 9.2\nI have 2 question\nFirstly i will tell you she is in completely bed rest at home from 2 days now i.e no work no walking (she used to do evening walk of 1/2 hour) no exersise and yoga.\n1. After blood transfusion she is normal (apart from weekness) , doctor also gave medicine and injection to stop bleeding\nNow question is she started drinking water all time after blood transfusion i.e 2 litre during night time from 10 pm to 6 am. Is this normal (nothing strange apart from this", "title": "My mother has fibroid, gynecologist suggested removal of vagina, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I had a motor  nerve conduction study that, according to my doctor, is clean. however, one nerve ( in the hand) showed 4.5 amplitude when the only online chart I found state it should be equal or over 5. is that serious or should I trust my neurologist when he said my motor neuron are fine ? i have no symptom in this hand at all (it\u2019s not my dominant hand)\nThere was also an emg performed and all results were clean, same for sensory nerve conduction study", "title": "I had a motor  nerve conduction study that, according to my doctor, is clean, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "44yr old female. Take lisnprl for hbp and effexor for bipolar. I have been having bad pain in my left thumb for a month now. I have no problem moving it back and forth but to bend it at the joint hurts to the point that I have to use my other hand to straighten it. I did not have an injury to it beforehand. What is going on", "title": "I have been having bad pain in my left thumb for a month now?"}
{"text": "Hi. I have a history of knee injury. I was a competitive cheerleader for almost a decade. A couple years ago, I shifted my knee cap. I went to a specialist and was given a brace to wear for a month. After that, it was fine and I didn\u2019t go through physical therapy. Then, I had a knee arthroscopy 9 months ago for two meniscus tears in my left knee. One was tiny and the other was like a bucket handle tear. I changed specialist from my original one a few years back. My current one doesn\u2019t think my original injury was treated properly. Anyway, I went through some physical therapy, but my doctor said I did not need to continue since I had my full range of motion back. There was also no signs of cartilage damage or arthritis in my knee. The past few days, the outside of my knee (near one incision scar) and the side of it has some pain and tightness. The knee is a bit swollen and feels like it\u2019s heartbeat. I think I overworked it, but it too sure. I\u2019ve been icing it, elevating it, and started using my knee stabilizing brace again today. I\u2019m hoping it\u2019ll pass with some rest and some pain relievers. Also, I\u2019m just hoping it\u2019s the frequent changes in weather somehow affecting me. Any thoughts would be appreciated", "title": "I had a knee arthroscopy 9 months ago for two meniscus tears in my left knee?"}
{"text": "Hi i am dealing with a throat bacterial infection, my doctor prescribed me some antibiotics and pain medication. This has been going on since last friday and just last night i noticed that my ears have begun to feel clogged. This morning now only one ear wont pop, it clearly feels like i have a fluid or something in my ear. Do you think the throat infection has anything to do with it ? What other medication would you recommend", "title": "I have a throat bacterial infection, feels like i have a fluid or something in my ear?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m losing it here. My grandma hasn\u2019t slept in 15 days!!!! Roughly a month ago she starting taking some joint pills which I believe led to her stomach acid coming up to her throat (I think). Anyway now she has a very irritated throat. According to the doctor\u2019s, she has bronchitis. They gave her some medicine and that didn\u2019t help. We went all over the place looking for medicine or looking for a cure but we can\u2019t find one that works. Sometimes the medicine makes her condition worse! Nothing is working! Everytime she tries to fall asleep her irritation gets worse, whether she lies down and or sits up sleeping. We\u2019ve taken her to the hospital 3 times and they refuse to do anything other then take tests and send her away!!!!!! The other day she said she was feeling very weak and we took her to the hospital and again they did absolutely nothing! They wouldn\u2019t even help her sleep at all! I\u2019m very desperate right now. I don\u2019t know what else to do. If anyone can give me answers or give me any advice on what to do I would very grateful. I am crying so much because she has to suffer like this and her lack of sleep could lead to the worst.  Please help me", "title": "My grandma hasn\u2019t slept in 15 days, she has bronchitis?"}
{"text": "Yesterday I was in contact with a Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) patient. He put his hand on my head to pray for me about three minutes or so. He did not touch me anywhere else and I had my gown and gloves on. He was diagnosed with MRSA by nasal swab. Am I infected? How can I get tested to find out if I am? I know the signs and symptoms of MRSA and do not have any, but I\u2019m just afraid I am infected know", "title": "I was in contact with a Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) patient?"}
{"text": "About 9 days ago I started having a pain in my upper right abdomen that moved to my lower right abdomen. The pain was intense at time. 7 days ago I went to emergency and they did an exam and heard my other complaints (not eating, diarrhea). My blood levels came back with elevated white cells. They were just about ready to send me to surgery when they decided to give me a cat scan which came back clear. In the interim I had a big infusion of antibiotics. I was discharged.5 days ago I had the blood work re-done and my white cells were normal. However, the pain continued, albeit intermittently.Now the pain is still there. My urine was checked and it was fine. The pain is intermittent but when it comes it is localized in one spot and feels hot and burning. The diarrhea and some lack of appetite continue.What does this sound like? What should I do", "title": "I started having a pain in my upper right abdomen that moved to my lower right abdomen?"}
{"text": "So I\u2019ve been having stomach pain across my abdomen, especially when my stomach is empty. My belly also twitches but I\u2019m guessing that\u2019s what happens after giving birth. I\u2019ve been taking anti acids that the Dr prescribed and it feels a little better. They did an ultrasound on my gallbladder to see if that\u2019s an issue and there was minimal sludge but not significant. They\u2019re saying that I should remove my gallbladder anyways. But what if it\u2019s just an ulcer or h pylori? Shouldn\u2019t I concentrate on trying to cure that before heading into surgery? I\u2019m very poor and can\u2019t afford such a procedure. Is it necessary", "title": "Doctor says I should remove my gallbladder, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am 76 years old.I had thyredectomy for papillary thyroid cancer 3 years ago. Post surgery and Rai treatment Ihad blood tests.my thyroglobulin level was 0.0410 months ago ihad the tests again hyroglobulin 0.04,tg-ab 1.8 and TSH 0.0083.I also had neck ultrasound which was normal.A few days aga I had tests again thyroglobulin 0.068,,anti tg 27 and TSH 0.52. I am taking 100 mg levothyroxine tablets 2 times a we and 75 mg 5 times a week. I have an appointment on 20th march with my doctor.I will also have neck ultrasound on the same day.since last year I deceased my levothyxone meds because my TSH level was too low and was sweating excessively.\nDo I have a recurrence. I am really worried. Please could you help", "title": "I had thyredectomy for papillary thyroid cancer 3 years ago?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026), and I am 30 years Old now about 3years ago I got very sick, I was so tired all the time and also started to put on some weight to, then I also starter to notes that I could not no longer hear very well any more, it got to a stage that I had no  choice but to go and have a hearing test done and that\u2019s when I find out that I am 100% deaf in my right ear now and have to were one hearing aid to help me hear in my right ear ,I am also partly deaf in my lift ear to about 50%,  I also had blood test done and they come back and said I have  severe inactive thyroid \u2013 hypothyroidism to which I am taking medication for now. but When I had tuned 25 years old  I also started suffering from severe and very bad headache \u2013 they were  like seizure headaches this was before I went to see the Dr, it got so bad that I no option but to go and see a specialist dr \u2013 neurologist to see why this was happening to me, they did test but all came back find but, was still having them \u2013 seizure headaches so they put me on epilim to stop them which has stop them but  still to this day do not know what course them to happen.  I am now suffering with very bad pain in my hands and feet, my hands feel like they are on fire all time and numbness or tingling all time and my feet and ankles are sore and swollen to I have been going to the government hospital as cant afforded private one as I am on a Disability grant, to see specialist Dr\u2019s eg, neurologist and genetics dr to but they can\u2019t find anything wrong with my hands and feet , I have been for tests, eg, blood test and eeg, ct brain scan and Nerve tests where they pick you with pin  to but all came back find , but I still have the pain, the Dr\u2019s cant find anything please can you help me", "title": "I am now suffering with very bad pain in my hands and feet, my hands feel like they are on fire all the time?"}
{"text": "Good afternoon. I managed to get Epididymitis after a fall whilst showering. 2 days ago. I did a short work shift afterwards in absolute agony. My question is how long would it be wise to remain at home resting until it is safe to return to work? I work in a commercial kitchen as a kitchen porter, and some degree of heavy lifting, as well as a large amount of walking around is required. My pain is still present, and severe today, with pain relief barely helping, and my next work shift is tomorrow morning. What should I do", "title": "I managed to get Epididymitis after a fall whilst showering?"}
{"text": "Hi I am 30+ female.my genotype is AS and my boyfriend is also AS. I would like to know is there is a dominant or recessive part of the genotype and to find out how it can be harnessed so that we don\u2019t have sickle-cell disease babies", "title": "My boyfriend and I have AS genotype, advise how to avoid having sickle-cell disease babies?"}
{"text": "I was having mild chest pains..So thought of taking some rest would relief that pain so I went to sleep..I was in a dream but suddenly I felt like electric shock like feeling which became sharp on my left chest like shooting pain and slowly relieved after few seconds what could that be?? Is that a heart attack ?? That happened Nly once ..I had my ecgs,2D echo scanning,stress test which all came out as normal  ..Just a slight ST elevation (V4) in ECG where doctors said that it\u2019s normal for young ag", "title": "I felt like electric shock like feeling which became sharp on my left chest?"}
{"text": "For as long as I can remember I have had what I can only describe as the worst motion sickness, when I was a little girl I would tell my parents that cleaning my room made me sick \u2013 because every time I would bend down and get up or be up and down cleaning the floor I would get nauseous. This followed me into adulthood, my first job in retail I would dread working the shop floor because it meant bending up and down to pick up clothes and feeling hot, dizzy, nauseous. I also get the world\u2019a worst travel sickness, even on very short journeys, if I so much as look down at my phone for a nanosecond, or a backseat passenger asks me something and I turn around \u2013 instantly I feel nauseous enough that I could be sick any second. Lastly, when I have stand on the spot for longer than 10 minutes or so, I get so extremely hot and dizzy that I could faint any second, if I can\u2019t get a seat on the train to work and I have to stand on the spot, sometimes it gets so bad I have to warn the people I\u2019m near that I don\u2019t feel good. The minute I sit down I start to recover and normality returns, also freezing cold air can help me get through the sick feeling. Like I say I\u2019ve had this all my life and I have no explanation for it, but it\u2019s starting to affect everything I do, I can\u2019t even hoover my house without dreading the feeling. I started to notice it when I was around 8 or 9 and I started having to do chores like cleaning my room etc, and now I am 26. Can anybody shed light on this for me?", "title": "I have the worst motion and travel sickness?"}
{"text": "Hi i have sjogrens syndrome amd woke up today with a rash on both feet\nKind of purplish in colour not raised or itchy\nJust wondered if it is just another symptom of sjogrens\nI had I about a week ago also but rash disappeared after a couple days\nThankyo", "title": "Hi i have sjogrens syndrome and woke up today with a rash on both feet?"}
{"text": "hi my name is (\u2026)  i am 27 years old..i am a nurse i had facial paralysis 6 years ago, i received treatment and the symptoms resolved but i feel my right face side a little bit constricted than the left one i wonder if i can receive medications to resolve this symptom ..and i sometimes get right side headache concentrated around the right eye and temple..sometimes i feel if this area received massage i will get better..please iam looking forward getting soon reply from yo", "title": "I had facial paralysis 6 years ago?"}
{"text": "Good day, I would like to ask about stomach issues. For the past months I am experiencing pain on my upper abdomen which happens to occur at the same time in the afternoon until the evening. I feel bloated and burps every now and then. It made me very uncomfortable especially when I am at work. I tried several home remedies which includes ginger tea,horseradish etc. to alleviate the pain but still it would come back. Sometimes forcing myself to vomit helps a lot for it reduces the pain until the morning. My question is as to what condition am I suffering to? And what is the best way I can do to counter such pains. Thank you", "title": "For the past months I am experiencing pain on my upper abdomen?"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m (\u2026) age 23 , I\u2019ve been getting heavy periods , tiredness , my whole body is tender, migraines , my left and right side of my neck starts throbbing but it comes and Goes, my eye sight goes funny , I get light headed, lower pains in my tummy, bloated , peeing a lot , I\u2019m getting scared if it\u2019s bad due to me having a son only 10 months .\ncan you please get back to me soon as possible pleas", "title": "I\u2019ve been getting heavy periods , tiredness , my whole body is tender, migraines?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI had severe headache  stay for two weeks  which started after when my forehead  hit with piece of wood.  Then i have done MRI in which report  says white matter  hyperintensities  found. some  time i feel hard to remember  new task and feel sleepy even after 8 hour sleep.\nplease  tell me what are  these white matter  hyperintensities and how can we cure it. what is the side effects  of i.\nThan", "title": "Hit my head, MRI indicates white matter hyperintensities?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) i am 45 years old.I work on my feet all day on a concrete floor.I suffer from tired aching legs during and after work.Any suggestions on how to help my leg pain", "title": "I suffer from tired aching legs during and after work any suggestions?"}
{"text": "66 year old female. I had hernia repair 6 weeks ago. Incisional and belly button. 3 weeks ago I started having a burning tearing sensation in my low right abdomen. It mainly hurts when I sit down or stand up. Yesterday that sensation started radiating around my belly button. I don\u2019t know what to do or who to see. Also, 3 weeks ago I got Bronchitis and coughed a lot. I assumed this sensation was further coughing. Meds I take are: Carvedilol, Triamterene, Pantorazole, Meloxicam, Levothyroxine, Tramadal for back pain, Vitamin D1, Stool Softners, Ventolin Inhaler, Fluticasone Nasal Spray. I quit taking Delsicol 2 months ago because of constant headache which went away when I quit taking it", "title": "I had hernia repair 6 weeks ago \u2013 Incisional and belly button?"}
{"text": "My little boy who is 27 months has had tonsillitis for over a week now he was given more antibiotics yesterday by our doctor however today all he has done is sleep he is only waking up for a couple of minutes very distressed then going straight back to sleep I\u2019m wondering if I should be worried by this. As he never really sleeps much and he hasn\u2019t had anything to eat or drink since 9.30 am this mornin", "title": "My little boy who is 27 months has had tonsillitis for over a week now?"}
{"text": "Hi, i was wondering if someone could help me with a skin rash/bump/bite. I have several very itchy, red, bumps spread randomly on my arms, legs, and stomach. I have yet to find anything that works for it. None of the diagnosis from the doctors have worked. I thought it could be from my father having targeted chemotherapy at home. But, that was quickly shot down by his doctor. I am not positive it is contagious. It seems to have varied, but still traveled, to all the household members. Each one different and not responsive to any treatments. Any help would be great", "title": "I have several very itchy, red, bumps spread randomly on my arms, legs, and stomach?"}
{"text": "I am having frequent left chest pain Jst like a finger pushing through which lasts for a second or 2 seconds these are from 2 months recently my arm is also having pain ..I met cardiologists they took my echo,stress test,ECG which all came normal \u2026.BT all my ecgs are saying slight ST elevation (V4) BT doctors said that is normal cause all ecgs are having same reading ..Is this right ?? I am 21 years mal", "title": "I am having frequent left chest pain \u2013  echo,stress test,ECG all normal?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor,\nmy name is (\u2026) age 40 years and a married  man in fact father of my two baby boys. i m a known patient of DVT and PE as detail is mentioned below:\ni am a known case of DVT since 1999. In 2006/2008 i have been hospitalized for facing the two serious strokes of Pulmonary Embolism. In 2012 I underwent Surgery in the Lumbar vertebral region and during the same time Vena Cava filters was placed due to DVT. I suffered from Dengue in 2015 and since August of 2016 i was suffered and finally diagnosed to  having signs and symptoms of Parkinson\u2019s disease.\nafter complete examination and evaluation Now the doctor has been advised me to do  Mesenchymal Stem Cell Transplant. Stem Cell Department at Al-Sayed Hospital is the only department in Pakistan at the moment which specializes in Stem Cell Transplant and has the expertise to process and transplant Stem Cells. Stem Cells are processed at a GMP facility in Turkey", "title": "Doctor has advised me to do Mesenchymal Stem Cell Transplant, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi, I have recently had breast surgery, removal of calcium deposits with cancer cells. I have recently found out that a magnesium deficiency can contribute to these calcium deposits, would it be wise to take a magnesium supplement after I have had my radiotherapy. I wasn\u2019t on any medication before this and I don\u2019t know yet what I will be on after radiotherapy. I have tried to add more magnesium in my diet already.\nThank you", "title": "I have recently had breast surgery, removal of calcium deposits with cancer cells?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am 38 male. No medical history. I went to ER in Dec. end after dehydration from excessive drinking. ECG & blood sugar were normal. Heart beat was 102 standing & 72 sitting. BP was 145-85. I was told to get hypertension monitored by my GP. I got scared I might have damaged heart with excessive drinking. Straight away I cut down drinking & was nervous about the whole thing. After 2 days I went to GP, BP was 165-90. Got ECG & blood test for heart muscles done at that very moment. Both results were ok except high heart beat of 110. GP advised it to be anxiety nd come back in 2 weeks for BP check. She gave few diazepam to use only if anxiety gets extreme. I went on veggies & water overdrive nd BP slowly started coming down. After 2 weeks it was 125-85 & pulse between 60 to 82 resting. GP told no need for hypertension medicine. FOR NEXT 4-5 weeks I was measuring BP weekly at friend\u2019s place nd it was always around 125-85. However, I was still feeling dizzy & not sure if I got a healthy heart. Went to another GP yesterday & heart beat went 110 & BP 145-85. GP assured heart is fine as ECGs haven\u2019t picked any issue. He presc. 25mg b-blocker twice a day for a month to control palpitations & BP. That was a big relief for me that heart is ok. Within hour heart beat was 60. Wasn\u2019t sure if I should start medicine. Went to chemist half heartedly later in the evening &  heart beat went 96. Bought medicine, put it in box nd said will think about it later. Heart beat back to 72. Today it\u2019s been max 76 resting nd 86 while working. Now, I am not sure should I start medicine or actually monitor my BP daily at home for one more week and take those results to GP. What if BP & palpitations were just white coat syndrome", "title": "Doctor prescribed 25mg b-blocker twice a day for a month to control palpitations & BP?"}
{"text": "I am very concerned about the side effects of taking Ferro Grad C (Containing Ferrous Sulfate + Sodium Ascorbate. I have a test result from my physician and they indicate a below normal level of Iron \u2018 so he said I am iron deficient. I am taking one tablet every second day, on the third day I decided to not take it, I notice I felt light headed and as though I just came off an antidepressant, is this normal. I am eating meat three times a week; I have a gluten intolerance problem which I was diagnosed with, which may have been a contributing factor in becoming low in iron, and I lead a busy life. I would appreciate your advice and a second opinion to support my recovery process. Most of my life I haven\u2019t taken any medication, except to treat inflammation in my bowl. Thank you", "title": "I am iron deficient concerned about the side effects of taking Ferro Grad C"}
{"text": "Im a 29 yr old female. I surgery in 2014 for ruptured ectopic preg. I currently have hydronephrosis and kidney stones. Not on medications currently. Also had rhabdo in 2011. In july of 2016 i hemmoraged in labor. 4 weeks of EXTREME exhaustion. No matter how much i slept i couldnt stay awake. Eyes wouldnt stay open. Unfocused. Rolling. Hearing was fuzzy. Would just fall asleep. Even drinking energy drinks. After i called dr i got labs and hemoglobin was 6.4. I was put on blood transfusions and iron infusions. After 6 weeks felt back to normal. 5 months later it has started AGAIN. 4 days ago exact same symptoms. Cant physically get up in the morning. I cant stay awake in the day. Eyes rolling vision unfocused eyes cant stay open etc then fuzzy hearing in spurts. Jerking/twitching/jolting uncontrollably to wake up. And cant control when any pf this happens. I can drink coffee or energy drink and still fall asleep. I have not hemmoraged again so idk whats goin on!!! I have 4 kids and oldest is 6 and recent diagnoses (9-11-16) i work in a call center as well. I cannot afford for this to be happening again and literally outta nowhere. 4 days ago. Please help!", "title": "I had surgery in 2014 for ruptured ectopic preg. I currently have hydronephrosis and kidney stones?"}
{"text": "My eldest daughter, she is 16 years. Last year (2015 December) she was having pain at the right back of her neck. I took her to Dr. Dr. told that it is an allergic or cold problem. He prescribed antibiotics. Then she was ok for about 3 months. After 3 months the same area was paining and a lump can be seen like tumour. I took her to a renowned Dr. He said, may be it\u2019s an allergic problem and gave some blood test n FNAC test. The reports were normal. Dr. prescribed her medicines, which helped her to be ok for another one n half month. Again it started paining and this time it was unbearable. Surprisingly, I saw 4 more lumps at the right and left side of her neck. Her spinal chord started paining n she was having a bit fever. Immediately I took her to Dr. This time we did her FNAC again and some blood test, but result nothing. Again and again we r going to different Dr\u2019s, tests, medicines but no improvement. One of the Dr. told to do biopsy. Then we consulted a neurosurgeon but he told that its a sensitive area to operate. He needs time for it n gave medicines. Finally in the end of December I took her to India (New Delhi). There we appointed a medicine Dr.  He gave tests.  In the reports he found a huge deficiency of vitamin D.  After that we consult a neorology Dr.  He gave for MRI test.  In the report ARACHNOID CYST can be found. He gave 6 months medicine. Now my daughter\u2019s spinal chord and the lump is paining. My daughter is now screaming out of pain. As a mother it\u2019s very painful to see my daughter in this condition. Please, please n please help me out. Help my daughter. Suggest us something. I am attaching the reports n prescription. I will be grateful to you dr. If u can suggest us anything", "title": "My eldest daughter is suffering excruciating pain, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m male and I\u2019m 20 years old. I have a history of. For some months, I have felt feelings of isolated punches in my head that cause me pain, or a sensation of tachycardia in the form of a punch to the head, which causes disorientation, blindness, loss of senses and sensation of cloudiness. I was asked to take the following exams: Ecg has incomplete right bundle branch block . Ecocadiogram is normal. And Tomography of crany found unilateral sinusitis.What you advise me", "title": "I have felt sensations of tachycardia to the head?"}
{"text": "I am a 24 yr old female. I have horrible pain along my right leg. The pain starts at my lower back and goes along the back of my right leg. My leg hurts badly when I sit for long or stand for long. I feel better when I walk. I am also unable to sleep on my right side because this will cause my right leg to pain horribly. I also have pain along my right hand, starting from my neck, along my right shoulder, back, right breast, right hand and fingers. Please help me. Sometimes I feel as I am going to faint because of the leg pain", "title": "I have horrible pain along my right leg?"}
{"text": "I have a lipoma just above my right temple. I suffer with headaches/migraines frequently, could the lipoma be the cause? My doctor brushed me off and just prescribed me a nasal spray for the migraines. 90% of them start near the site of the lump. She told me that it would not be the cause, although since her poking about it has started another migraine. I have been suffering with these migraines for around 2 years. Have had my eyes checked twice since Nov 2015. I am also having bad mood swings, tiredness. I have been ill with 2 different colds in the last month.\nI am 35 years old and female.", "title": "I suffer with headaches/migraines frequently"}
{"text": "Hello please help me and my wife. Me and my wife have been trying to have a child for two years. She eats healthy. Exercises daily most of the time. But her periods are irregular and for the past three days she\u2019s been having symptoms of pregnancy but two tests came back negative one took today and one took last Tuesday. She\u2019s 4 weeks late period (we think) her last period was last month 19-26. Idk if her hcg are just too low or what. But 99% of the time of her period or about two days before she gets breast pain. But she hasn\u2019t got breast pain. She has weird feeling stomach. Some pain in the pelvic area. Dizzy sometimes. Better sense of smell. But still no positive", "title": "Me and my wife have been trying to have a child for two years?"}
{"text": "My mother in law has been ill for a month today. Feeling very tired.Loss of appetite ,when she does manage to eat a little she heaves and brings up frothy spittle. As a consequence of this she is becoming confused. She   has had two trips to the hospital. she has had 2 ecg,s , 2 x.rays and 2 full blood counts and all came back normal. A doctor from her local surgery came this week and gave her some anti sickness tablets but nothing seems to be helping. She is 91 years ol", "title": "My mother in law has been ill for a month today. Feeling very tired.Loss of appetite?"}
{"text": "I had a vestibular injury in september and now I am still sick, I barely have dizziness left and no vertigo, but I feel sick everyday, I have a strong right ear pressure everyday, its strong, this makes me tired the whole day. I do not know what to do anymore", "title": "I had a vestibular injury do not know what to do anymore?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m 24, male and otherwise fit and healthy. This morning I woke up with swollen parotid glands, but do not have any pain or a fever. What does this indicate? I know mumps causes swelling of the parotid glands but is usual accompanied with other symptoms", "title": "I woke up with swollen parotid glands?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026) and I have been through so many tests, and surgery and have gotten worse. I had laprascopic gallbladder removal Dec. 16, 2016. I have seen cardiologist and ruled out my heart. I have had chest xrays, HIDA Scan, blood tests, h.pylori tests. Emergency visits. So here is what I am experiencing right upper abdominal pressure. Chest pressure, stabbing pain off and on to the right of my navel when walking and driving. Urine that smells like poop, frequent urination, abdominal heaviness, can not get in a comfortable position when sitting, fatigue, weakness, extremely low vit. D, slow healing with bruises, like the one I got from getting my blood drawn and its been 3 months. Always feel that I have a lump in my throat", "title": "I have been through so many tests, and surgery and have gotten worse?"}
{"text": "hi, i\u2019m 23 years old, i\u2019m 5\u20197 and 116 pounds. a few months ago i started to noticed that my eyes was starting to get puffy and i\u2019ve got bad eye bags. it got worse every day and now i have horrible puffy eye bags. i also have extreme sensitive eye and when i am out i always feel like i\u2019m completely tired, out of my self, without strength and my eyes are really heavy. i eat 2000 calories a day (mostly vegetable with legumes, chicken, protein, yogurt and fruits) i drink a lot of water and i exercise 6 times a week. i don\u2019t drink alchool, i don\u2019t smoke or eat salt. i\u2019m desperate. even when i was skinnier i never had eye bag, and i was anorexic. i don\u2019t understand what is happening. i\u2019ve done a lot of blood exams but it\u2019s everything normal except for my period that after anorexia is never came back", "title": "A few months ago i started to noticed that my eyes was starting to get puffy?"}
{"text": "I made an operation to the wrist, where they made me a fusion of four corners, and they removed the scaphoid. This surgery was the biggest mistake of my life, I could live with the pain I had, now I have pain all the time, the wrist movement is close to 10%, more than that is always pain. Before surgery I was promised that I would not have any pain, although I would lose 50% of the movement, and that recovery would be between 2 to 5 months. The results I had was pain always, and I lost about 90% of the movement. I\u2019m a cook, obviously I need more wrist movement. My question is what are the solutions to my problem, and if there is any expert who is specialized in this problem. I wonder if there is a possibility of reversing this fusion of four corners", "title": "I had wrist surgery it was the biggest mistake of my life?"}
{"text": "Hey. I have been experiencing serve constipation for a few months now. I went for an X-Ray and found out I have a faecal overload. I just have really bad bloating and excessive gas that has a really bad odor. I have on and off acid reflux as well. Just recently I started experiencing some really bad cramping. It feels like hunger but I\u2019m not hungry. Eating helps the pain for a bit but it doesn\u2019t take it away. I don\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong with me", "title": "I went for an X-Ray and found out I have a faecal overload?"}
{"text": "I am 27 years old woman having two kids. My height is 154 cm and weight 75 Kg. I am suffering from poly cystic ovarian disease.\nIs there any effective treatment for this disease. Now we are trying for third child. But my periods are irregular. It is been two and half months since my last period.\nI consulted doctors before, they will give tablets for 5 days to have period and it worked.\n(1). should I take tablets every month to have menses?  or (2) is there ant permanent solution?I am trying to loose my weight. I don\u2019t eat any junk food or oily foods. I do exercise regularly, but I am loosing not a bit. (3) What should I do to loose weight?Hope to hear from you soon.Thanks in advance", "title": "I am suffering from poly cystic ovarian disease?"}
{"text": "Hi am suffering from staph aureus and have used so many antibiotics but to no avail pls how do I get cured from this deadly infection before it causes more damag", "title": "Suffering from staph (Staphylococcus) aureus how do I get cured from this deadly infection?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026). I\u2019m 30 years old. Last 3 winters I have low grade fever, that persists for 3 to even 6 months. I have diagnosed Hashimoto\u2019s and on eutirox medicine, with ups and downs of hormones. I\u2019m told that fever can\u2019t be from Hashimoto\u2019s, but blood test didn\u2019t show anything. I don\u2019t know what to do. I\u2019m feeling tired, sleepy\u2026 I cannot lead normal life.\nThank You very much", "title": "I have low grade fever, that persists for 3 to even 6 months I cannot lead a normal life?"}
{"text": "I am a mariner by profession and presently posted onboard ship trading in ports of Europe.I had a abscess in my anus area, and got operated in port of Germany, on 20.02.2017. It was diagnosed by the doctors as \u201cPeriproctic abscess over 9 o\u2019clock in SSL\u201d.Post surgery, one Cutimed Sorbact 2\u00d750 cm (Tamponade: Ribbon Gauge) was put in the operated wound area, and same was removed  and replaced by the doctors on 21.02.2017. They further advised to change the \u201cCutimed Sorbact\u201d within next 2-4 days by any medical practitioner, and discharged me from hospital.Now I am at sea, approaching for next port Amsterdam. I am likely to have opportunity to visit doctor on arrival in port on 28.02.2017.Please Note:\n\u201cCutimed Sorbact\u201d 2\u00d750 cm (Tamponade: Ribbon Gauge) was last changed by the doctor on 21.02.2017.Please advice on below questionnaire:\n1. Is that OK to visit doctor for changing \u201cCutimed Sorbact\u201d after 7 days on 28.02.2017\u2026.?\n2. Is there any harm or risk involved by this 7 days period\u2026?\n3. Is it possible, that the \u201cCutimed Sorbact\u201d would release automatically within this time period\u2026?\n4. Can I remove and change the \u201cCutimed Sorbact\u201d by myself\u2026?I am little worried, as I am out at sea without a proper medical assistance. However, we do have a small hospital and medical equipment onboard, and could find a way out as per your advice on my above questionnaire.Thanks & Best Regards,(\u2026)\nSex-Male\nAge-4", "title": "Was diagnosed by the doctors as \u201cPeriproctic abscess over 9 o\u2019clock in SSL\u201d?"}
{"text": "Age:17, Gender: FemaleAt my l4-l5 i have central prosterior disc herniation with annular tear and a degree of subligamentous extrusion of the disc material, which is occupying the anterior epidural space and causing partial compromise of the left lateral recess with potential for impingement of the left transversing nerve root. There is mild bilateral nerve root exiting forminal stenosis, aggravated by some facet joint arthropathy with widening of the joint spaces and hypertrophy. No direct exiting nerve root impingement is demonstrated at this level. My L5-S1, there is central prosterior and left paracentral and foraminal disc protrusion causing obliteration of the anterior epidural space and partial compromise of the left lateral recess with displacement of the left transversing nerve root. There is also mild stenosis of the proximal aspect of the left nerve root exit foramen with no definite direct exiting nerve root impingement.\nAre these results bad and what would you recommend, i have already tried physio for 4 months with symptoms only getting worse, i am also on medication with no improvements, i have tried exercising and avoiding bending or sitting for long periods. I have also tried accupuncture with no change.  More details about the presenting complaint:\nNumbness down left leg frequently, shooting pain down back of left leg and stabbing pain under big toe. Doctor said i have decreased quad and hamstring strength bilaterally and slump test produces leg pain bilaterally.Current medications:\nNaproxen 500mg 1 tablet 4 times daily, cocodomal 2 tablets 4 times daily. Doctor said thats the highest dosage they can give me because of my age.Lab tests performed:\nMri performed.Height, Weight, BMI\nHeight (cm)\tBMI\tWeight (Kg)\n180.00\t16.98\t55.0", "title": "I have central posterior disc herniation with annular tear?"}
{"text": "Hello, I have hormonal imbalance, I was diagnosed when I was a teenager and the gynecologist prescribed me Diane 35. I also had polycystic ovaries.Now I\u2019m 26 and I\u2019ve been taking the Diane for about 10 years, more or less.\nI stopped the pill for about 9 months and the symptoms from the hormonal balance started so I started taking it again.\nI don\u2019t need the pill for birth control, so I looking to take something else to control the symptoms of the hormonal imbalance, which include facial hair, acne and no menstrual cycles at all.\nThe moment I stop the pill, my menstruation stops right that moment.I\u2019ve had several ultrasound tests done to check on my ovaries, it seems the Diane 35 eliminated the polycystic ovaries.\nI take Diane 35 daily, except one week a month. And I take paroxetine daily", "title": "I have hormonal imbalance, I was diagnosed when I was a teenager?"}
{"text": "One month ago I broke my tibia and fibula in a snow blade accident. I had extension put on my leg and in two days surgery where I\u2019ve got metal plate with 8 screws on the tibia but nothing on the fibula. Now I\u2019ve had X-ray and doctor is saying it is OK with some minimal bone healing, but to me it looks like the fibula is a bit displaced. I wonder is it normal not to put plate on the fibula, having in mind it was multifractured fracture. Also I wonder whether it is normal to have only minimal bone healing after one month and when the bones should be fully recovered", "title": "I broke my tibia and fibula in a snow blade accident, fibula seems displaced?"}
{"text": "Okay, so I ve been ill for the past seven weeks. It started off as a cold and cough, after five weeks I went to my doctor, and was prescribed amoxicillin for five days for a chest infection. It seemed to clear it up for a couple of days, however, it flared up again even worse and I m in agony. I ve barely slept, I m constantly coughing, sometimes yellowy  mucus comes up (sorry if that s tmi hahah) and I m just exhausted in general.  I have a lump on the right side of my throat but I think it\u2019s just a swollen gland? I went back to my doctor today as it does n t seem to be improving, I ve tried everything for it, all types of cough syrups, tablets. You name it and I ve probably tried it. Nothing seems to shift it. The only advice I got from my doctor today was \u201ccome back if it gets worse\u201d I m at my wits end with this, it s reached the point where I m fed up of being ill, I just want it gone but I just feel like it isn t being taken seriously. What should I do?I\u2019m an eighteen year old female, I have asthma. I\u2019m on montelukast tablets, salabutamol inhaler, ventolin inhaler, I have hay fever. I\u2019m also taking the cilest contraceptive pill, I have never had an asthma attack", "title": "I\u2019ve been ill for the past seven weeks, need a second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "I am a 69 year old male, the week before Thanksgiving i fell down my front steps ,I was able to get up without any difficulties. The next day I began to have pain in my left hip, across my stomach and in my left groin. I went to my Doctor and an x-Ray of my pelvis was ordered and obtained ,the x-Ray showed no fractures or anything that would cause the pain. The pain was still present after a month, I contacted my Doctor, a order for a cat scan was ordered, the scan showed no fracture or any other reason why the pain is still present, it has been three months since the fall and the pain is still an issue,my Doctor says that the next step is a MRI, Any ideas on what the problem is", "title": "I began to have pain in my left hip, across my stomach and in my left groin?"}
{"text": "Hi, several months ago, my lower left leg (shin area) began to hurt.  Like a soreness, didn\u2019t feel like the muscle, it felt like bone pain.  I am a 43 year old female, 5\u20196 235pounds.  I went to the doctor, who said I had mild pitting edema, but ordered an xray.  My doctor, not the radiologist, viewed the xray and said it looked good, he didn\u2019t see a fracture or anything but the outer part of my tibia was a little thicker than he is used to seeing, but said wait for radiologist report.  The Xray came back normal.  He then ordered an mri.  He called and it was normal, and showed mild dermal edema.  He said all he wanted me to do was try to exercise and take ibuprofen as needed.  That seemed to help, but it is back.  I want to believe the xray and mri would have showed something if it were of bigger concern.  Just confused & worried.  Thank you", "title": "Several months ago, my lower left leg (shin area) began to hurt?"}
{"text": "So I am 19 years old and have not had a voice for 7 weeks and a sore throat and really sore neck and have been back and forward to doctors and they said I have a virus so I had pencillen v antibiotics took them no change then had throut spary a gaggle paracentmole but still no change so I left it for 2 weeks to see if it would get better it self but still no voice so went back to doctors and they said still a virus to gaggle salty water and steam my faces with menthol crystals for 2 week did that but iv still no voice well just a whisper and my neck is still getting soreer should I go to doctors again or just go to A&E ? Could it still be a virus but I have never had a virus to last this long and its just not getting bette", "title": "I have not had a voice for 7 weeks and a sore throat and really sore neck?"}
{"text": "Hi i am a mother of two both preterm deliveries..my son was 8 months born viginal delivery\u2026my son is 18 months old\u2026i got pregnant with twin girls they both were born via emergency c section after my water broke\u2026my one daughter died other was in hospital for 3 months she got released on nov 2016\u2026from release date she is now 3 months old..and im pregnant again 3 to 4 weeks max im weak o cant carry this pregnancy what should i do", "title": "I\u2019m afraid I can\u2019t carry out my pregnancy, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve just turned 40 and have advanced glaucoma. I am taking Duotrav. The minute I started taking it I became very tired, then started having confused episodes. My weight was jumping around, I\u2019d eat 1000 calories in a day and gain 2 or 3 pounds. Been on it 10 weeks. I\u2019ve now got swollen feet, knees and thighs. It is getting worse, this morning I pulled an empty wheelie bin 15 metres and became out of breath and dizzy. My chest felt tight too. It has gone now, but I can\u2019t see my opthalmologist for a few days. A few weeks ago, I had a sudden attack where I felt like the room was spinning violently and I ended up on the floor in a cold sweat.\nIs this a medical emergency or should I just wait and see my opthalmologist? I live a long way from the nearest hospital and it would take a lot of energy to travel to it, but I have children and don\u2019t want to risk my health.\nI was fit before I started on this medicine, I ran a marathon less than 4 months ago.\nThe medication I take for my advanced glaucome is Duotrav, I also take cod liver oil, 200mg of ferrous sulphate, a multi vitamin and 5000iu of vit D3. I\u2019m 5ft 4in and I weigh around 145 pounds. I have pre-diabetes. I had asthma as a child, but grew out of it", "title": "I\u2019ve just turned 40 and have advanced glaucoma started having confused episodes?"}
{"text": "Husband is 46, diabetic 20+ yrs, dr gave nat-oseltamivir 75mg n tyl 500 mg on Wed for flu. Plus flu symptoms, he\u2019s having a hard time breathing especially lying down. He woke me up 5 am this morn, he said he was sitting up and \u201cidk, I fell over\u201d. He fell to the floor. Flu can be treated at home but at what point do i take him to the hospital", "title": "Husband is having a hard time breathing especially lying down"}
{"text": "Hello! Over the past several weeks, I have been something of an anxiety ridden wreck. Actually, anxiety and high levels of stress have been with me for a long time, though recent circumstances have changed how I react to it. The stressors were more or less related to being an entrepreneur, college student, navigating a quarter-life crisis, as we millennials seem to do, etc. But in any case, I recently had a string of symptoms that I\u2019m more worried about than before.Several weeks ago, February 4th, I experienced a sudden tingling on my lips and in my gums. The tingling lasted, perhaps not more than a minute, and then was completely gone. Approximately two weeks later, I was struck with a short lived but moderately intense cold, the symptoms to be described as: itchy + scratchy sore throat, congestion and sneezing, a mild fever, night sweats, and extreme fatigue. The fatigue lasted for the entire duration of about 3 days. The itchy + scratchy sore throat, lasted only approximately 24 hours, as did the congestion and sneezing and mild fever, which occurred on the second day of this three days episode.Around the fourth and fifth day, the symptoms of the cold more or less abated, but another symptom appeared: A tingling in my feet and lower legs, and some muscle soreness and weakness. For the next three days, leading up to today, I\u2019ve experience more or less this tingling, along with a mild sense of dizziness and some difficulty walking.I\u2019ve looked up the symptoms online, and for better or for worse, would like to ask some questions about Guilliard Barre syndrome. When march first comes around, I will have access to health insurance, thank god, but I would like to see if I can rule out Guilliard Barre syndrome before that point, hence, why I\u2019m asking about it on here.Are there discrepancies between what I\u2019ve said here and how Guilliard Barre syndrome progresses? For example, the speed of the progression symptoms with respect to my legs and feet. It\u2019s been four days, and I can still stand and walk. The websites I consulted said that the syndrome progressed rapidly over the time span of two weeks, but how rapidly is that? And does my time scale fit what should be expected? Likewise, the symptoms of my cold matched up fairly well the symptoms for mononucleosis, but the entire episode was very brief.Furthermore, in Guilliard Barre syndrome, is the tingling more or less constant? Or does the tingling come and go when you rest and/or use your legs respectively? In my case, the tingling hasn\u2019t been constant, and while sometimes I may think that the tingling is slowly moving up my legs and spreading higher up my body,  it\u2019s difficult to distinguish that from the possibility that my anxiety is simply imagining things, so to speak.Finally, though my hands are located \u201cphysically\u201d higher up on my body, Guilliard Barre syndrom starts to attack the extremities of the body first, yes? This would imply that my hands should also be experiencing some tingling as well. They did experience some tingling a few days after the lips and gums were tingling, but only in isolated episodes, and only after using them for a period of time", "title": "I experienced a sudden tingling on my lips and in my gums, is it Guillain Barre syndrome?"}
{"text": "Hi I have had severe lower back pain for the last six months, done xray and  mri scan, doctor says there is no issue with spine, can you please have a look at the attached image and advise if there is no issue", "title": "Severe lower back pain for the last six months, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Ive had 2 knee operations, 1 was for my ligaments that tore when i was 12 ( i am not 34) and the 2nd one was about 2.5yrs ago. Ive had problems with my knee since then, the muscles around the knee is very weak and i am not able to gym 100%. Been doing exercises and swimming, so taking it easy. last knight i tried doing walking lunges and my knee made a funny sound. if i walk now it make like clicking noise and if i put my hand on my knee and bend it, it feels like things are loose inside. i know it sounds weird. my knee is a little swollen today and sore. can still walk its just sore. should i be worried", "title": "I\u2019ve had 2 knee operations, knee feels like loose?"}
{"text": "I broke my left clavicle in a mountain biking accident about 3 years ago. The break had an overlap and they decided st the hospital to not do surgery and let it heal as it was. My problems now are there is a large lump sticking out from the position of the overlap that is aesthetically very unpleasant and also causes pain/irritation if I\u2019m carry something over that area like a backpack. I wanted to know if there was a surgery option to cut down or smooth off this overlap bone that is sticking out under the skin. I\u2019m very self conscious about this, and it effects my confidence and I\u2019m always feeling around that area every day. Thanks", "title": "I broke my left clavicle in a mountain biking accident about 3 years ago?"}
{"text": "Male, born 1987.Hello. I\u2019ve been having shoulder pain since august 2016. No sudden trauma or activities at the time before the pain except maybe a climbing pass (with no pain whatsoever).Pain is mostly felt on the outside of shoulder and going down to where the visual parts of bicep and triceps starts/meet. this type of pain is felt when doing the typical benchpress movement with more pain the closer the bar is to the chest and the wider the grip. the same pain is also felt when doing pullups with more pain the wider the grip (most pain when arm and elbow is bent 90 degrees). similar pain and also pain in the front of the deltoid and space between trapezius and collarbone is felt when doing arm raises to the side or when rotating shoulder outwards in a fast motion.I also have winged shoulder blade on the same side and problems reaching behind my back (internal rotation). However this problem I\u2019ve been suffering from for several years and they cause me no pain.I\u2019ve been going to several doctors, chiros, physiotherapists and everyone seems to have different opinions on the cause and treatments. The major reason I\u2019m asking is because the last doctor I met (orthopedic doctor) claimed surgery is the only solution after looking at my x ray.I\u2019m wondering if I could get a second opinion on the x-ray image I\u2019m providing you", "title": "Orthopedic doctor claimed surgery is the only solution for shoulder problem, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "hello I\u2019ve recently been diagnosed with anemia , and due to a heavy period its been effecting me more. I have been taking the tablets given to me , however I have recently started to feel very ill and nausea even when sitting , my arms and legs feel very strange and ache . I have a slight odd feeling in my chest , I feel like a zombie all I want to do is lay in bed , I have no idea what to do , surely my tablets should be preventing this", "title": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with anemia?"}
{"text": "I have a strange reaction and is always same day..Sunday night only!  I start feeling strange with chest tightness and shortness of breath and sometimes wheezing(in my throat not in lungs). Is getting worst when lying down. Heart rate is 65-70, frequency of breathing is 12/min. Sometime the symptoms takes 2-3 hours and sometime the whole night. But in the morning everything is backs to normal. It is annoying. The onIy different thing on Sunday is everybody is having a hot bath\u2026 I don\u2019t get it. I use to swim at the pool and again everything is ok. Due to my job I have access to check often my SPO2 and blood pressure and everything is normal. I am 44, male, 185 cm and 74kg.\nMy bathroom is clean with no mould. I have cleaned my walls with vinegar\u2026just in case\u2026.but nothing changed.\nI have seen my GP where he used the stethoscope to listen my lungs and he said it is everything ok. I asked for a chest x-ray but he said I don\u2019t need x-ray.\nMy physical condition is excellent, I can run or climbing stairs and I have no problems.\nI appreciate any advice.\nMany thank", "title": "I start feeling strange with chest tightness and shortness of breath and sometimes wheezing?"}
{"text": "I have a question.  Lately I have a very funny feeling in my chest almost like a soft shock.  It feels as if I walk to hard (as if I jumped).  Even when I sit down to hard, I will get the strange feeling.  I did have a disck fusion about 6 years ago between the T2 and T3.   I do have an ulcer and take medication for it.  It started about a few weeks ago with a strange pain in my left arm.  Deep inside my arm, not the bone the flesh.  I took Arcoxia for 7 days, it did help a little bit, but for the last week I get this strange feeling as well.  It sound so stupid but I now walk slowly, sit down slowly to avoid getting the feeling.  It\u2019s not sore.  I\u2019m always to scared that its something with my heart \u2013 dont have heart problems as far as I know.  I\u2019m 51 years old (female).  My tyriod were removed 26 years ago.  Do take euthyrox 0.1mg.  I did loose a lot of weight unintentially the last 2 years, but I am at a reasonable weight for my height.   Last time I tested my thyriod it was very unactive, although I am skinny", "title": "Lately I have a very funny feeling in my chest almost like a soft shock?"}
{"text": "Hello. I was choked about 3 days ago. It was done 3-4 times for about 4-7 seconds each. I now have difficulty swallowing, soar throat and feels like a pressure around the front of my neck consistently. Until this morning (Day 4/5) I feel a bit funny- my vision seems fine, i seem to be thinking fine but i feel things are very slightly weird/uncomfortable/fuzzy for example when I am looking at the computer screen. The left side of my throat is where it is the most painfil and my left ear seems a bit off. I felt a sharp pain in my right ear about twice today. These sound serious but there are no visible marks", "title": "I was choked, now have difficulty swallowing, soar throat and feel pressure?"}
{"text": "Hello I am a 17 year old female. For 2-3 years I have had blood in my stool. I have also, from time to time, had maroon-colored or white discharge come out. I\u2019ve also had oil in my stool. I know this is not normal but I\u2019m scared to tell my parents and to have to go to the doctor. May you please help me determine what is wrong with my colon", "title": "For 2-3 years I have had blood in my stools?"}
{"text": "Hi ,currently my sister is getting joint pains after the pregnancy.She gave birth 11 days back and pains started after 5th day.Her age is 27.Seems like they are getting worse day by day and can\u2019t even get up from bed without help.Can you please help and advise us why she is in such condition and what is the cure.Thanks", "title": "Getting joint pains after the pregnancy?"}
{"text": "I am a 43 year old Nigerian lady.l saw my menstruation on the 5th of this month February and now l saw it again yesterday being 19th February, meaning a 14days cycle which is quite absurd and unusual though no pain, flow is normal and reddish, no smell, just stupidly normal.Since late last year, l have been complaining about my loss of appetite and consequently loss of weight. l used to weigh 105kg(not healthy l know) but now l have stayed on 95 since Dec.  I do not have any accompanying sickness or illness except occasional itching in my private part which goes off after medication though my clitoris retain a pepperish pain(not unbearable though) but l just notice it all the same. Apart from that no other complain until this 14 days cycle stuff.Last week Thursday, l bought a multi vitamin syrup to aid my appetite and so dont know if it has any thing to do with it(Protobex syrup)predigested protein fortified with vitamins, iron and zinc. I have a history of asthma and high blood pressure.l am daily on franol tablet and  ventolin inhaler. What could be wrong please", "title": "Since late last year, l have been complaining about my loss of appetite and consequently loss of weight?"}
{"text": "Male 26 year old. Physically fit. No family history of cancers heart diseases. I have hashimotos. Just found out my homocystine is 23,11. My doctor prescribed b vitamins. But trials do not prove they prevent no heart diseasesand strokes Felling confussed depressed is there anything i can do? Or am i going to have heart problems within few years?", "title": "I have hashimotos.  Am i going to have heart problems within few years?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been sick for over a year now. I\u2019m 29 female. Symptoms include: low vitamin d, underactive thyroid( normal now took levothyroxine),occasional heart palpitations, pale skin, swollen hands legs abdomen, dizzy spells, orthostatic hypotension  patterns with symptoms, lung mucus production with cough, insomnia, constipation, pain in lower back shoulders hips legs. So far I\u2019ve had a tilt table test(negative) heart ultrasound( negative) sleep study( negative) 24 hour urine collection with a cortisol level 4 points above normal. I went from functioning to now not being able to do basic human things like dishes and grocery shopping. So far my doctor just keeps telling me he\u2019s not sure what\u2019s causing all this", "title": "I\u2019ve been sick for over a year now not being able to do basic human things?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026), I\u2019m 23 years old. I have a nasal cyst which is caused by teeth.\nAbout 11 years ago I had an operation. They cut my gum and removed the pus. And about 1,5 years they found a new cyst. I can\u2019t really breath as it has grown quiet a lot and my nasal septum twisted.\nIs there any way how to cure it without operation?\nI tried Nasonex for about 1 month but it didn\u2019t work for me.\nNow I\u2019m taking some ayurvedic medicines: manjishta, septilin, neem, kanchnar and lakshadi for teeth\n(I alredy have some hole inside the gum", "title": "I have a nasal cyst which is caused by my teeth I can\u2019t really breath?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m 21 years old. I saw my urologist and did an ultrasound, after the tests my doctor said I have an overactive bladder. I got it from sex with my boyfriend 5 months ago. My doctor gave me two weeks of sample packets of Myrbetriq which worked amazingly, everything finally felt normal again. But when I finished those the symptoms all came back. Since its $390 for a prescription of that my doctor put me on 5mg or Oxybutinin 2x a day. It has been 5 days and I still feel no difference. It isn\u2019t helping at all. Will this eventually work? Or do you have any other ideas for how I can fix this? Also, are overactive bladder spasms something that will eventually go away or I\u2019ll have this for the rest of my life? Also, I haven\u2019t been having sex because I don\u2019t want to make it worse, but will having sex affect this negatively?", "title": "I have an overactive bladder, need advice?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m 46 years old female I have fibromyalgia  an I have flare ups all the time but this one has had me down for two weeks and I\u2019m getting  worse I take cymbalta,nuerotin,meloxicam,am baclofen and I\u2019m still  not getting  no relief even using tens unit I\u2019m trying  to  wait it out don\u2019t like e", "title": "I have fibromyalgia and I have flare ups all the time?"}
{"text": "I am a 76 year old woman who is having a medical problem that has not been solved as of yet.\nI am diabetic but that is under control , I am type 2 diabetic. I began to loose my appetite and did\u2019t feel like eating  therefore I lost about 15 lbs, what is terrible to me is that my face is sunk in plus I have lost muscle tone, I became very weak and fatigued. I ended up in the hospital over the Christmas holidays.Many test were run and the only conclusion they came to is that I had low magnesium which caused my blood sugar to become low . As of my last test showed that it had not come up after  few weeks .Yes I have been under stress because of problem my grandson has ad and he lives with me but is 41 years old and had not lived with me  until a couple years ago, His Mother died , he lost hi job and couldnt find more work in our little town he came to live with me I had cancer once unidentified but took radition . blood test did not show any cancer markers> I do have small lumps under my skin , legs and arms but the Dr. did not think much about that.\nCould these lumps be of any threat to my health ?I am weary about my weight loss for I look sickly  in the face mainly.I weight 127 lbs and am 5 \u201c4 inches tall .Do you have any insight as what  my condition may be? thank yo", "title": "I am having a medical problem that has not been solved as of yet?"}
{"text": "HI I am a Female 6 days away from 33. 6 years ago I had an atopic pregnancy. Tried for years to get pregnant again only to find out that both of my fallopian tubes are blocked. The doctor told me my best bet is to just have them removed. Then do in vitro. I am not married and work two jobs. I am worried that I\u2019m getting too old and time is slipping away. Do you recommend freezing my eggs. For when I\u2019m ready to go along with the surgery", "title": "My fallopian tubes are blocked do you recommend I freeze my eggs?"}
{"text": "I have suffered with pain behind my left eye for a month now everyday after being attacked and suffering with a subconjunctival hemorrhage.. the blood in my eye has cleared away now but im getting really nasty pains behind my eye and i dont know what to do.. there are no local eye doctors and i do not wish to go to the emergency department at hospita", "title": "After being attacked and suffering with a subconjunctival hemorrhage i dont know what to do?"}
{"text": "Ever since I was about 12 when I stand up my body contorts for a few seconds. It only happens when I stand up and start walking. Or if I\u2019m standing still and then move suddenly. When its at it\u2019s worst, I stand up and walk then the left side of my body kind of\u2026 contorts. It starts at my foot. My toes will curl then my ankle bends inward. My hip juts out and then my wrist curls inward and my fingers spread apart and they curl. Then my left cheek will tighten as if I am snarling and my eye will twitch. It only lasts for about 10 seconds but it is very embarrassing in public. I have learned that if I stand up and then stay in place for a few seconds it wont happen. I can feel it \u201cflaring up\u201d and then it passes. If it goes to the full contortion and I try to walk it off it\u2019s worse and my arm will kind of flap around. And if I try to speak my speech is slurred.  can barely hide it from people in public when it does I have to bend over and pretend im tying my shoe so they wont see my arms and face spasm. i have no idea what problem could be any help will be appreciated", "title": "When I stand up my body contorts for a few seconds?"}
{"text": "Im having multiple symptoms after having my neck fusion of 5 6 7 .these. Are my symptoms im having a lot of pressure. In my neck and lower back it cause alot of discomfort. My neck and back feel like it is being squeezed which causes a throbbing in my neck and back which causes my heart to race and heat to my neck and back. My legs give out as it takes my breath away. What do you think the problem might b", "title": "I\u2019m having multiple problems after having my neck fusion of 5, 6, 7?"}
{"text": "29 yr old female, lost some hearing (at about 40%) in my left ear during or shortly after cancer treatment at age 15. When I pop my ears by plugging my nose, it gets better but doesn\u2019t last more than an hour or so. Usually less. Every doctor since that I\u2019ve told says \u201coh that\u2019s a Eustachian tube malfunction\u201d but gives me NO other info. Recently read that over time this can become permanent. Is there ANY treatment options? Any idea what exactly I\u2019m dealing with", "title": "Lost some hearing (at about 40%) in my left ear will this become permanent?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) and one year ago I got spinal meningitis which affected my legs and hands with a lot of Edema to where I could not even walk it wood  edema has gone down but my feet are still numb and swollen feeling and my hands my question is that I have a swollen area in my tailbone area that if I sit wrong on it it makes my feet more numb and the numbness and pain generate up my legs and I\u2019m taking Lasix 20 milligrams a day for over a year now can the Lasix be causing me more problems then helping it feels like my arms and legs are more swollen , when I first came home from the hospital the edema was so bad that it started leaking out of my pores in my feet and legs and I was unable to walk I could not bend my ankles or knees now I can walk with forearm crutches but the problem still exists in the numbness and swellin", "title": "I got spinal meningitis which affected my legs and hands with a lot of Edema to where I could not even walk?"}
{"text": "The CT Scan Pulmonary Angio reads \u201csmall thrombus in distal right pulmonary artery at its bifurcation as described above minimally comprising the lumen\u201d. My question is should i start taking Xarelto (Rivaroxaban) as prescribed by the doctor or should ask doctor to prescribe more safe drug considering the side effect profile of the drug", "title": "Small thrombus in distal right pulmonary artery should i start taking Xarelto (Rivaroxaban)?"}
{"text": "I just got a call from my GI office that my blood work showed inflammation. I have had Crohn\u2019s disease for 12 years. I haven\u2019t had a flare up in 7 years until just recently. I am taking azathioprine and they upped my dose, they also want me to start taking Entocort. I do not want to take Entocort, because I do not want to gain weight but most importantly I do not want a huge face or acne. Can crohns inflammation be healed without a steroid? Thank yo", "title": "My blood work showed inflammation. I have Crohn\u2019s disease do I need steroids?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m (\u2026),my mother is suffering from a medical condition of displacement in back bone due to lifting a weight and now she cannot stand straight up she is being bent forward to a certain 30 to 40 degree\u2019s of angle and her left leg is also been a bit folded inwards too much severe pain she is feeling in her whole, consulted a surgeon and treatment is carried on yet no sign of a cure or relief also he didn\u2019t mentioned any word to describe her condition I have digital xrays I can send you also the prescription advised for next 6 weeks", "title": "My mother is suffering from a medical condition of displacement in back bone?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 19 year old female i have been having health problems for a few years and been to many doctor non of which helped me i have problem breathing and its progressing now i have chest pain most of the day and tachycardia my heart rate lately have been ranging from 90 to over 100 I\u2019m on medication B1 antagonist buy doesn\u2019t seem to be helping i have mitral valve prolapse  my hand toes and lips turn blue occasionally chest experts say that I\u2019m perfectly health from any chest problems and think no the problem may be with my cardiovascular system i have high c reactive protein levels and high sedimentation rate my blood test is normal but at a 4 month interval lymphocytes were the  highest in normal range now the lowest and monocytes were lowest noe the highest almost out of range i have slight erythrocytic hypochromic anemi", "title": "I have problem breathing and its progressing?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 43 year old female last year I had rotatory cuff surgery lately that same arm has been hurting I get real sharp pain stiffness and it locks up on me should call my doctor and get it look at again or is something that happens after u have that type of surger", "title": "I had rotatory cuff surgery and it locks up on me?"}
{"text": "I AM 35 YEARS OLD WOMAN. I SUFFER FROM Familial Mediterranean Fever(FMF) ( I TAKE ONE COLCHICINE PER DAY). CAN I DO A RHINOPLASTY? OR IT IS NOT SAFE FOR MY CONDITION? THANKS", "title": "I SUFFER FROM Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF) CAN I DO A RHINOPLASTY?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nI am 26 years old and on October16 i have beed diagnosed with PCOS, after trying sporadically to get pregnant since me and my fiance are not living together.\nMy doctor didn\u2019t put me in any medication saying that i will need a medication only after being a year of trying. I\u2019ve changed my doctor and and she put mi on dikirogen to take it for 6 months and after 4 months i should go and check my ovulation. I did the glycemia and insulinemia and the insulin resistence was (HOMA-IR) 1.9. I think i am a thin type of PCOS case.\nI would need some advice by a specialist if i am in a right way of taking this suplement or i should ad another medicine. My ovaries are biger than normal, right ovary is 47 and left 4", "title": "I have been diagnosed with PCOS, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi i\u2019m a 25 year old female. I\u2019m trying to find out why i\u2019m always throwing up 5 to 10 minutes after i eat anything. It all started after i left the hopital after i had my daughter. My head twitches sometimes and my right hand twitches then it feels really light and i constantly drop stuff when using my right hand. My right side of my stomach has a dull pain after i vomit and i have lower back pain sometimes and all of this is sudden", "title": "After giving birth I continue to vomit 5 \u2013 19 minutes after eating?"}
{"text": "I am female and 40 years old and my headache started when i gave birth to my daughter 5 years ago, that time it was only severe headache and I was using relieve tablets to get rid of the pain but every since it got worse, and now the heavy pain is in both side of my head that causes dizziness, sometimes my back and neck i feel vomiting, loud sounds make it worse and it lasts for one day mostly.\ni went to doctors , they gave me tablets and told me its nerve disease and its because you get emotional.\nit didn\u2019t work even it got worse so i stop using them\u2026please advise what I should do next", "title": "I have heavy pain  in both side of my head that causes dizziness, sometimes in my back and neck?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 22 year old female who doesn\u2019t smoke or drink. I\u2019ve recently gone to the dentist and they used a blue light and said they spotted something on my soft palate and said it could be oral cancer. I\u2019ve had this spot for a while (years ) and figured it was from sucking the roof of my mouth or clicking it with my tongue when my allergies act up. Again the spot never really goes away and it doesn\u2019t bother me. It\u2019s pretty crush feeling there is some white spots around it.. From what I\u2019ve read online im scared it could be oral cancer. My question is does this look like a oral cancer lesion from the pictures I posted? What are the odds of my getting oral cancer being that I\u2019m only 22 and does not smoke or drink? (it\u2019s that small dark dot behind the big lump on my hard palate)", "title": "I\u2019ve recently gone to the dentist and said they found oral cancer?"}
{"text": "My CT Scans results are as follows:\nThere is polypoidal mucosal thickening present within both maxillary sinuses.  This is more severe in the right maxillary sinus.\nThere is associated occlusion of the right OMU.\nThere is slight attenuation also demonstrated of the left OMU.\nA deviated nasal septum is seen to the left hand side.\nThickening is seen of the right middle and inferior nasal turbinates.\nMucosal thickening is also present in the frontal and anterior ethmoid air cells with occlusion noted of the right fronto-ethmoidal recess.\nThe left fronto-ethmoidal recess is patent.\nThe sphenoid sinus and the spheno-ethmoidal recesses are patent.\nNo air fluid levels are visualised.\nThe visualised bones and orbits are normal.\nThe posterior nasal space and the oropharynx is normal.\nDo I require surgery", "title": "Do I require surgery ?"}
{"text": "I am female 47. Have had hysterectomy. I have RR MS. I have had a pain in my lower left quadrant of my stomach. It started about 6-9 months ago. It never really bothered me too much before. I have so many weird unexplained pain due to my MS I ignore most things and they go away. This one is different. It is getting worse. It wakes me up at night. I feel it all the time now. I do have IBS. I know the differences with a flare up or being constipated. I exercise and am 5\u20196\u2033 and 135 lbs. I don\u2019t smoke and don\u2019t drink alcohol. My GP put in for me to see gastro for a colonoscopy but it will be forever before i see one. What should I do", "title": "I have had a pain in my lower left quadrant of my stomach?"}
{"text": "My son is six and gets repeated nose bleeds since he was little,my other kids dont,but he get big clots at time that come out as well.is this something i should take futher steps in looking to see a doctor.i have sent a picture of the clot from today it is about 2inches long.than", "title": "My son is six and gets repeated nose bleeds since he was little?"}
{"text": "Hi,\n     My 54 year old wife had been battling stage 4 leiomyosarcoma for the past 10 years. She has tumors in about 8 locations, lung, stomach, limbs, bone.  It has been slowly advancing and is chemo resistant. Now if you can believe it she has rectal cancer with invasive adenocarcinoma. It was removed w/o clear margins through TAE. It was 5 CM, poorly differentiated cells, invaded perirectal tissue, invaded perineural, and has suspected lymphovascular invasion. How in the heck does she attack both at one time.  T", "title": "How to treat leiomyosarcoma and rectal cancer at the same time?"}
{"text": "Hi i need help my new born 1 month old nephew is suffering from feet gangrene. Here some doctors asked us that they need to cut off the fingers of his feet please please help me is there any way with using we can get rid from cutting. Waiting for your reply thanks a lot", "title": "New born 1 month old nephew is suffering from feet gangrene doctor want to amputate toes?"}
{"text": "I have swelling of the paratoid gland, face is noticeably swallon on the right side on the law line right in front of the ear, i am not sick nor have been for month\u2019s, it is painful, cant open mouth to full extent, headaches and what feels like alot of pressure as well I have had this for 4 days now. Any ideas what has caused this and how soon i should seek medical help", "title": "I have swelling of the paratoid gland, face is noticeably swollen on the right side?"}
{"text": "I am a 29 yeara old male, I think I had a microbe in my lungs that caused me strong fever and fast heart beats, I consulted a doctor he gave me (derinox,maxilase,doliprane and tamiflu) i have been suffering for one week severe pain in my lungs when I cough or when I go up the stairs walk for a while. I still can feel the microbe in my lungs after one week causing me also short breath. I have also been drinking hot drinks, lemon, ginger, mint etc. i am just tired of this illness and need an effective medecine please", "title": "I had a microbe in my lungs that caused me strong fever and fast heart beats?"}
{"text": "Iam a thalassemia carrier and my boyfriend is also a thalassemia carrier.so because of having a 25% chance of a thalassemia major baby we are planning to  breakup.but my opinion is after getting pregnant i can do cvs and clarify whether the baby has got thalassemia major or may be a healthy baby.so that cvs will work so or not in this case.please doc give me an advic", "title": "My boyfriend and I are thalassemia carriers need advice regarding getting pregnant?"}
{"text": "I had a hysterectomy almost a year ago. (Uterus, cervix and tubes removed) I now am going for robotic surgery next week to have a large complex cyst removed. Am I to expect any vaginal bleeding after this surgery", "title": "I now am going for robotic surgery had hysterectomy almost a year ago?"}
{"text": "59 years old female I am a hairdresser and the last 2 months I am experiencing painful legs constant pain am taking panadol oesteo but not dong anything also rubbing magnesium spray onto them still no relief my legs are very restless of a night and r very tight I have no energy and am always tire", "title": "I am a hairdresser and the last 2 months I am experiencing painful legs constant pain?"}
{"text": "male adult age 42, bipolar, sudden partial vision loss,after seeing something explained as 2 shooting stars one day in his eye and next day a terrible headache thirteenth day had grayish rainbow arch like line in his vision. after seeing eye doc was informed he had a stroke that effected his eye(right retinal artery branch occlusion) and now has permanent eye damage, followed up with family doc, did blood work and had ultra sound of heart and carotid arteries followed up with neurologist. who informed him he had some minor narrowing in arteries and  they do not feel he had a stroke and order more test and was told not to worry put him on aspirin and cholesterol med cause that was little high. also has unexplained facial dropping on one side that comes and goes. mri and cat scan order only get tests in about two weeks. After going and getting test results from doctors find out that they suspect occlusion of right internal carotid artery , elevated velocities constint with 50 -69% stenosis in left internal carotid artery and 10 -49%stenosis of external carotid arteries bilaterally. also is to follow up with neuro in 4 weeks. Is it just me or is this neurologist doc dropping the ball. Should he go see another", "title": "Neurologist says minor narrowing in arteries, or is it a stroke, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Male\n32\nSinus issues , mucous build up in nose and post nasal drip. Every morning coughing up mucous and blowing nose.From the CAT scan report attached \u2013 do you think I would require surgery and if so what ?\nWould there medications I could take instead.I am currently using Nasal Saline solution for the past 6 month", "title": "Sinus issues mucous build up in nose and post nasal drip. do I need surgery"}
{"text": "Hi, We\u2019ve been having problem getting pregnant and have been seeing a fertility doctor. Every time my wife was around ovulation time she would go to the doctor and receive a intra-vaginal ultrasound. When we received the claim it listed, among others, an expensive procedure called \u201cUltrasound, Abdominal Vessels\u201d. Is this a necessary exam to establish whether she was ovulating? What is this exam normally used for", "title": "Our fertility doctor suggests an Ultrasound, Abdominal Vessels procedure, need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 31 years old I\u2019ve been diagnosed with digital papillary carcinoma what are the treatmen", "title": "I\u2019m 31 years old I\u2019ve been diagnosed with digital papillary carcinoma what are the treatments?"}
{"text": "I got acne scars . When I have pimple or blackheads they leave scars. What should I use?", "title": "When I have pimple or blackheads they leave scars. What should I use?"}
{"text": "46yr Female.\nHave had chronic dysentry daily for 3 months.\nHad a colonoscopy, everything came back clear, what could be the cause of this problem", "title": "Have had chronic dysentery daily for 3 months?"}
{"text": "Is it MS or ALS?\nhi i have been having very strange symptoms  for the past few months now. first is it start with muscle weakness felt it all over my body and then the  burning sensation on my right lower leg start it for a few days it start just at night time same spot but after it start it to move different spots of my body, it went to my back and on my neck it burn it like crazy especial on my neck it last it for a few days same time i got sharp pain on my left hip and ankle on and off. i had a sharp pain on left side of my head for 3 days straight my eye lid twiced for 2 days. soon after my bones start it to crack everytime i move my joints crack i don\u2019t feel any pain when they crack but just turn my shoulders crack or my legs but now the middle of my back is hurting.  and my speech has become slurry at times and I\u2019m become little clumsy and i feel that at time I\u2019m gone lose my balance. all the blood test turned out to be normal, the b12 was little bit on side but not under the normal range, any idea what this can be? can this be MS or ALS? the wait its driving me craz", "title": "I have strange symptoms is it  multiple sclerosis (MS) or Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)-Lou Gehrig\u2019s disease?"}
{"text": "My husband has stomach cancer  he refused treatment,now he is unable to eat solid food , today he has diarria and feels like throwing up ..how long will it be before he dies ..getting weaker.. Cancer was found after he had a heart attack 6 weeks ago ,they found blood in stool and did a biopsy that they found cancer ..he is 79 yrs old.", "title": "My husband has stomach cancer  he refused treatment,now he is unable to eat solid food?"}
{"text": "Hello , I had 2 endometrial biopsy-both came negative; last biopsy-one and a half year ago,vaginal ultrasound -one /33mm/fibroid was found.One day ago between my period I found on the paper just lille bit tinny light color blood and it stop.\nDo I need another biopsy? I am 51 female, no more symptoms.\nThank yo", "title": "I had 2 endometrial biopsy-both came negative do I need another biopsy?"}
{"text": "Hi\u2026.dear dr\u20265year old male child.presented with a recurrent GIT and Respiratory infection.anemic some are Iron def.immunological assy show.IGA:57mg(lab.ref.90-450)\nIGM:54mg(ref.60-280)\nIGG:1361mg(ref.800-1800)\nZinc:52(ref.70-125)\nAll screening tests for coeiliac disease are neg.what is the diagnosis?what is the next step\u2026.Does he need replacement or not if yes how long?God bless you and my great thank", "title": "5year old male child with a recurrent GIT and Respiratory infection?"}
{"text": "Hello I am 43, I have had regular pap smears yearly.  I have had one child 20 years ago vaginally, and one 14 years ago c-section.  I have always had discharge, nothing too alarming to me, sometimes, its watery, sometimes its clear, mucosy, every once in a while its thick white/light yellow. But out of a month, other than when my cycle ends, I pretty much experience some sort of discharge. I had my yearly pap yesterday, and the doctor put in speculum, then said, you have thick discharge in here, I\u2019m going to clean it out.  She cleaned it out with a big qtip, then said \u201ci can\u2019t tell if its yeasty or not\u201d.  She finished the pap, and that\u2019s it.  Now I looked up discharge, and all say cervical cancer.  I\u2019ve had all kinds throughout the months, but I always thought it was normal.  Now I\u2019m frightened.  Any advice", "title": "I had yearly pap yesterday, doctor says discharge may be yeasty, frightened it is cervical cancer?"}
{"text": "I am 25 year old Female iron 3.3. I have been feeling extremely exhausted and unable to do basic tasks, Anytime I walk outside or do anything my heart races immediately. I have had times where have felt faint,  I did hear ringing in my ears, my hands and feet started tingling and my heart raced and on on occasion of this episode everything went black and I passed out. Thankfully these episodes do not happen very much, they are not brought on by anything are appear to be completely at random,\nAll of this lead me to get some blood work done. I realize that I have very low iron of 3.3 in addition to that my transferrin saturation is a 4.9\nThis is what I have read online\n:Iron deficiency is diagnosed by a transferrin saturation of less than 16%. The serum iron is low and the total iron binding capacity is usually increased.\nPatients with low total iron binding capacity have anaemia of chronic disease if the transferrin saturation is \u226516%  or iron deficiency along with anaemia of chronic disease if the transferrin saturation is <16% Serum Ferritin test. Results can be high in IDA and usually low in ACD, in ACD it can be dangerous and even fatal to take iron\":\n\nwhat im trying to figure it out is why is my transferrin satuation not going and are very low at 4.9%  even when my iron is very low 3.3 ... also my transferrin recepters are within normal range.  ferritin is 9 Hemoglobin 113 Hematocrit 35% I do not show signs of inflammation or sweeling because of the CRP, my liver appears to be fine I had my thryiod tested that is also fine.. Vit B, C folic Acid also fine.\nAll I have read says that in normal iron deficiency  receptors and saturation  should go up in order to recieve more iron but I cannot figure out what it means if they dont,  and if I take irons supplements can this be dangerous because there is nothing for the iron to bind to? Could this mean I have some type of Bacteria or cancer my body is hidding the iron from?\nSo to summarize my questions are.\n1. What kind of additional tests if any do I need to take to diagnoses what type of Anemia have or what is the cause of my Anemia.\n2. Why is my Transferrin Satuation so low what could be some reason?\n3.  In any  diseases or infection wouldn't my CRP raised? is this a sign that I do not have a infection or bacteria or disease etc.\n4. Is it dangerous for me to take iron supplements? Could this be a bacteria or cancer that my body is hidding the iron from?\n5. Is having such low Iron a liability or dangerous to me? I do feel awful but I was just wondering if this is also a concern.\nAny recommendation are greatly appreciated I am desperate for any help anyone can give.\nThankyou", "title": "I have been feeling extremely exhausted and unable to do basic tasks, need advice ?"}
{"text": "33 yr old female\nExperiencing right sided facial palsy for the 3rd time in 8 months. Only affecting lower part of the face. I can raise my eyebrows  frown and fully close my eye. But cannot smile or show my teeth on the right side. The first episode was in July last year. I was unwell beforehand and diagnosed with migraine and a viral illness. Them the facial palsy occurred.  I had an mri which was fine. 2nd occasion was end of November.  And this time it started Sunday.  I am also feeling general aching all over, neck and back pain and fatigue. Each time I\u2019ve been told I have bells palsy however after researching BP I\u2019m unsure if this is right as my forehead is not affected at al", "title": "Experiencing right sided facial palsy for the 3rd time in 8 months?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m (\u2026), 49yrs old. I have been having really strong smells olfactory hallucination (phantosmia) for over 20yrs.had a scan in 96 which showed only frontal lobe damage and it was left at that. A few years ago had my eyes checked and had another scan which showed nothing, not even frontal lobe damage.. weird.. was put on epilepsy meds in case it was that but I became elergic to 2 types of the meds was taken off them and that was that. It frustrates me nothing can be found wrong.. I feel I\u2019m not believed or I\u2019m looked at as a hypocondriact.. but it\u2019s real and when it happens it\u2019s really strong and I find it hard to breath when it happens. What is happening? Why does 1scan show 1 thing than on another scan it shows nothing? Please help. Thankyo", "title": "I suffer from olfactory hallucination (phantosmia) for over 20yrs?"}
{"text": "My age is 64 ,male .My pain is for 8 months now ,i did all mri\u2019s scanner but nothing went obvious.The doctors said it is nerve and i am taking lyrica 75mg 2tablets morning and two at night.My pain is in my back and turn to my heart that i feel my boobs burning.\nthe pain is unbearable and no sleep ,i have been taking lyrica for two months no", "title": "I have pain in my back and chest, the pain is unbearable and I can\u2019t sleep?"}
{"text": "54yrs female.in 2006 had an embolism on the right side of the base of my scull .im under a lot of stress and have been getting pain there again like something is there ,,spats of dizziness..bit of an ear thing goin on like its blocked,,headaches on one side,,am i headed for another embo? oh..i also suffer from P.T.S.D", "title": "I had an embolism on the right side of the base of my scull am I headed for another embo?"}
{"text": "i am 43 female and i am single no kids  i have Anterior wall interstitial uterine fibroid measuring 3.9X3.8 cm  and i don\u2019t feel any Symptoms yet and my period  Regularly. i don\u2019t want surgery and i am scared to lose my uterus  can i know ur opinion", "title": "I have anterior wall interstitial uterine fibroid I don\u2019t want surgery but scared to lose uterus?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had unbearable earache for 8 weeks now! It started off in the week before Christmas, with a lump just under my jaw line and the lump lasted for 2 weeks. When the lump subsided the pain in both my ears got worse! It\u2019s been waking me up in the night, and been very painful throughout the day too! The pain isn\u2019t just inside my ears but all around the outside of the whole ear too! It\u2019s getting really annoying and painful and all my local doctor can say is \u2018take some paracetamol\u2019 obviously having earache for 8 weeks isn\u2019t normal! So help please!\nFemale 2", "title": "I\u2019ve had unbearable earache for 8 weeks now! need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m a female and I\u2019m almost 37 years old 13 months ago I had an eptopic pregnancy and my right Fallopian tube was removed and since then I have experienced bilateral ovary pain I went to the OBGYN today and express my concern about having the pain I\u2019m also experiencing bleeding every 14 to 17 days last like a period typically would and the OB told me that it was PMS and prescribed birth control and schedule me for a follow-up ultrasound in a month. Additionally   during the laparoscopic  procedure for the eptopic pregnancy, they cut a window  in  an ovarian cyst  that was the size of a lemon  on my left ovary. the doctor that I saw today seemed disinterested in helping me identify why was in pain and very quick to say that it was PMS I\u2019m just not OK with that reply, nor am I OK with being put on birth control. I have a history of migraine and estrogen aggravates them. When I asked about it he said I would be fine. I\u2019m not intending for this to be a gripe session against the doctor I\u2019m really truly looking for someone to provide some form of guidance as they\u2019ve been in pain now for 13 months and I am really at my Wit\u2019s End and I really need some help any suggestions will be welcomed and I\u2019m very thankful for your time also I had to talk into a microphone because my texting on my phone is horrible so I apologize in advance for the lack of punctuation and possible duplicate word spea", "title": "I had an ectopic pregnancy and my right Fallopian tube was removed, since then I have ovary pain?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI have had a back problem for about 12 months now. I injured it by falling off a horse and landing on my feet. Since then I have been getting horrendous pain in my lower back. Making it difficult to walk and do day to day things. I also get shooting pain and numbness down my leg. Recently I have been having a problem with my tailbone and it is painful and it makes it worse when I stand up or lean back in a chair or when I am riding.\nI have been to numerous doctors and specialist who diagnosed me with a slight slipped disc between L4-L5 and some joint abnormalities in my spine. The facet joints.\nI am 18 years old. I am female", "title": "I have had a back problem for about 12 months now. I injured it by falling off a horse?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 27yo no PMH. For the past two months I have been having breast pain. My gynecologist sent me for a BL US of the breast and it came back negative. Not long after I started having tenderness and tingling around my left clavicle and neck. I do not feel any swollen lymph nodes. And I am still having breast pain. What do you think it could possibly be and when I go see my PCP should I ask for an MRI or CT scan? Thanks", "title": "For the past two months I have been having breast pain?"}
{"text": "Hi.\nBefore u say it I know I should have already went to the doctor but I\u2019m not really doctor type. Im 21 yr old male I own a hay brokerage company and a 2300 head cattle operation also have several semis on the road so I have a ass load of stress. Heart problems is a big problem on fathers side few people have had cancer on mothers side. I have high blood pressure. 240 is the heaviest I\u2019ve ever been at 6ft tall. And I weigh 216 now and I look bigger than I\u2019ve ever looked I\u2019m swollen through the stomach neck and face. I have no energy like I used too I\u2019m the type of guy that works 20 hours a day and sleeps 3or 4 hours and it don\u2019t affect me not me to work 10 or 12 and be tired like I have the last 4 months I\u2019ve had diarrhea and throwing up off and on for about 3 weeks nothing taste good and everything I eat kills me. And this week I\u2019ve broken out in big whelps look like huge boils that are dry. Just wondering if any suggestions to what it could be and how worried I should be and what kind of doctor I should see I do not have a family docto", "title": "I\u2019m swollen through the stomach neck and face. I have no energy like I used to?"}
{"text": "58, female, diagnosed central sleep apnea, treated unsuccessfully with CPAP. Not experiencing dyspnea upon exertion.Can being treated with a CPAP instead of a BiPAP for central sleep apnea cause pulmonary hypertension", "title": "Diagnosed with central sleep apnea can treatment cause cause pulmonary hypertension?"}
{"text": "Hello,I am currently a paramedic student working in South Africa. I had an incident when changing over a fluid bag on a patient. When changing the fluid bag I cut my finger on the spike near the top that punctures into the fluid bag. I noticed that blood had started to move slightly up the IV line but not all the way up. I also had blood on my gloves at this stage. Although I cut my finger it was a tiny paperlike cut that only slightly bled if even at all. I am now really anxious about contracting HIV is this at all possible. Should I be tested? Or does my incident not warrent as a method of transmission I\u2019d appreciate any advice. Thank yo", "title": "I cut my finger and may have been exposed to HIV, should I be tested?"}
{"text": "Age 21\nNot sure how long I have had a bacterial infection\nHad std test : negative\nHiv test: negative\nWhite cottage discharge in the past\nYellow and white discharge in the recent past month\nHad vagina pain\nCurrently no strong odor or discharge\nUsed minicazole, examined by health department but no mouth swab done\nGot an examination swab at a walking clinic seen as bacterial so I was prescribed diflucon, metronidazole then my tongue had red spots on my taste buds every time I touch the back I have a gag reflex tongue was white inflamed and dry\nFelt burning when peeking usually so far no discharge after taking zithromax to clear the bacteria in my mouth when I used the bathroom tonight I didn\u2019t feel burning before going to slee", "title": "I have had a bacterial infection, need doctor advice?"}
{"text": "I am 18 years old, female, 5\u20191, 106lbs.  I was diagnosed with PANDAS (Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated With Streptococcal Infections) in 2012.  I keep getting strep, I had it at the end of November and I was diagnosed with it again at the end of January.  I know I\u2019m not reinfecting myself because I changed my tooth brush, sheets, and washed all my clothes.  It took me over a week for my fever to break and I have bad mild chest pressure.  I keep getting tonsil stones the size of peas.  When I don\u2019t have strep I often run low grade fevers, have fatigue, and chills.  I do have a history of throat problems.  Please advise", "title": "I was diagnosed with PANDAS syndrome I often run low grade fevers, have fatigue, and chills?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 19, Female\ni\u2019ve got a wrist and palm injury in my right hand\nDoctor gave me \u201d No-Dol Codeine \u201d and \u201d Brexin \u201d Medications for pain\nthe cause of my injury : i was riding last Monday on longboard with a high speed and i fell quite hard on my hands, which i tried to brace my fall with both hands.\ni went to see many Doctors some of them said that i broke my wrist ( right hand ) and some said that i bruised my hand..\nive already put Crepe Bandage yesterday at the hospital \u2013 Thursday- in the morning but after 3 or 4 hours it gave me a sharp pain and my hand become like a balloon so i removed the Bandage and i put it again gently\ni felt relieved ..\nI hope someone help me please , and Thank you", "title": "I\u2019ve got a wrist and palm injury in my right hand?"}
{"text": "I am 59.. weight 280. For 2 weeks I have been eating approx 1/2 of what I used to eat, however my stomach is even more extended than normal and appears to grow daily.  My legs and feet are extremely swollen.  I recently changed jobs so I am currently without insurance or I would go to doctor.   Also I have a red rash from feet to chins.  Any thoughts", "title": "I have been eating approx 1/2 of what I used to eat, however my stomach is even bigger?"}
{"text": "Hi, i\u2019m a 18 years old male,  was diagnosed with OCD and Depression when i was 13 and the doctor perscribed me Luvox. I took it for three and a half years without medical observations, i used to overdose. Once i took 700 mg. There are stressful days where i took 400mg. Anyway, this last year i revisited a doctor and he helped me stop taking it, and put me on Venlafaxine and Valdoxan instead. I\u2019ve been experiencing headaches and lack of concentration over the past two years \u201cwhile taking Luvox\u201d and now on Venlafaxine aka Effoxor. I\u2019ve been experiencing an extreme lack of concentration i used to do math much quicker and now i stutter at the simplest things, i forget more than often, i have headaches almost daily where certain parts of my head feels off. I was wondering if my overdosing on Luvox years ago could be a reason for this damage and is it permenant?, or is it common? I was wrong i know. But i was in a bad state. I appreciate the help i\u2019d get", "title": "Diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) and Depression trying to stop medication?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 43 year old female. Has acid reflux but been getting chest pains for years .but these pains I\u2019m have now are like pressure in middle upper chest got a ekg .and doc said they seen some in my p wave. So sent me home wit appointment to my doc.the next day they did 3 ekgs and they all said borderline.  What does that means? He didn\u2019t seem worried but he set up appointment wit heart doc so confused . Did I have heart attack?  Mean while I\u2019m still having chest pain .By the way have a history of anxiety . And have been super super stresse", "title": "Been getting chest pains for years, ekg shows problem P wave. Did I have heart attack?"}
{"text": "My doctor prescribed Belviq XR(20mg) and Phentermine(15mg) for weight loss. Am I to take these at the same time or hours apart? 40 yrs old/Female/hypothyroidis", "title": "My doctor prescribed Belviq XR(20mg) and Phentermine(15mg) for weight loss?"}
{"text": "Hi I am  a 51 year old female. I have had this web like discharge coming from my eyes for over a year now. It\u2019s has spread throughout my whole body. Now it comes out my ears, nose, and my bottom. I have pictures so you can even see it. This is making, me more sick as it gets worse. All my joints are so sore and I\u2019m tired all the time", "title": "I have discharge from my eyes spreading throughout my body?"}
{"text": "26 year old male. CMIA 4th gen antibody screening test (not antigen) for hiv 1 & 2 @50 days is 0.15 non reactive. Is antibody screening without antigen accurate @ 7th week? Further testing required", "title": "HIV test is non reactive is further testing required?"}
{"text": "Greetings,\ni Have Problems With Platelets \u2013 I was told it is PTI or IPT purpura thrombop\u00e9nique idiopathique \u2013 idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura\ni was taking a treatment MyFortic + Prednisone but the Platelets did not raise they are below 10,000 about 8200\ni was told that i need a surgery to remove the spleen.\nis it the 1st step to make it ? as i was reading i saw maybe it is a cause from vitamin C i did not do a vitamins blood testis there any other ways or something to prevent the surgery \u200bthank yo", "title": "I Have Problems With Platelets I need a surgery to remove the spleen?"}
{"text": "I am an epileptic, but I have been feeling especially dizzy lately. Other symptoms are itchy skin, pain running up the side of my head, constant fatigue and lethargy, low blood pressure and a feeling that I\u2019m going to faint all the time. Sometimes I have a shortness of breath", "title": "I am an epileptic, but I have been feeling especially dizzy lately?"}
{"text": "Hi,I m 26 years old.I had a stage 4 endometriosis and I m done with the laparoscopy procedure too.It was a blood cyst removed in the laparoscopy operation.My both ovaries were infected.Right ovary had an about 5cm cyst and left had 10cm cyst both were stretching the ovarian tissues.After the operation my doctors said my uterus tubes had been infected by the cyst which now treated by the injections .Injections were must for me to recover from this.so,I had been on Zoladex 6.3 injections then ..it was a course of 6 injections.due to these injections my periods are not coming..now the course is finished.But still my doctors are saying that the infection is removed but it has damaged my uterus tubes,due to which m having pregnancy issues.I have no baby yet.doctors saying I have to go for the test tube baby procedure.otherwise i wont be able to get pregnant..plz help me in this I dont no what to do now.", "title": "I had a stage 4 endometriosis doctors say my uterus is damaged?"}
{"text": "I have all the classic signs of hypothyroidism, fatigue, inability to lose weight, dependent edema, dry skin, constipation, always cold and difficulty focusing.  I had lab work done doc says its normal(TSH 0.91; T4 6.32; T3 96.38; FT32.68; and FT4 1.05).  Do you have any suggestions of where to go from here", "title": "I have all the classic signs of hypothyroidism but lab results normal. Where to go from here?"}
{"text": "I have had symptoms of hepatitis since September . Before I was always constipated and now I use the bathroom 2-3 times a day and although it\u2019s been light colored a few times it\u2019s usually just a weird color like orangey or really dark . I have had dark urine a couple of times . My hands and feet are always very red I have pain where the liver is . I have a horizontal line on my thumb nail and putting on almost all nails . I have not been jaundice. I have been tested for hep b 6 weeks after exposure and was neg and have been tested for hep c up until dec 5 and was neg . The exposure was sexual. My 3 year old and 5 year old are having all the symptoms I have as well and just got the 5.  Yr olds blood work done 3 months after I noticed symptoms and is neg on hep panel .  Although the doc should be calling me with final report . I have lived the past 6 months a distraught mess crying everyday because I am in fear that my kids have this disease.  I can\u2019t let the thoughts go bc all the symptoms are there but the tests keep being negative . Please help me understand or give me some advice on what I need to do", "title": "I have had symptoms of hepatitis since September I have lived the past 6 months a distraught mess crying everyday?"}
{"text": "My son just got his vaccines today for his four year old check up. He got DTap, Polio, Chicken Pox, and MMR Vaccines. But since he got home from the doctor\u2019s, he has been complaining about his thighs and legs hurting. He walks around limping and can barely move. What can I do to help him? Should I take him to the hospital", "title": "My son had DTap, Polio, Chicken Pox, and MMR Vaccines now can barely move?"}
{"text": "Two years ago i was diagnosed with Chondromalacia Patella and was given 600mg motrin. The pills was working but for the past few months they stopped working. What can i do to relieve this pain because the pain in both of knees is getting worse", "title": "I was diagnosed with Chondromalacia Patella the pain in both of knees is getting worse?"}
{"text": "I am 33 years old female. To start, for the past week and a half I have had a pre-existing vein injury. I was given an IV incorrectly in the ER which gave me superficial thrombophlebitis. My hand and forearm on the right side were affected. I was almost healed when today I smashed my right thumb by accident. After smashing it the pad of my right thumb turned purple and my hand begin to tingle, traveling up my right forearm. I immediately ran it under warm water and elevated above heart level like instructed when I first got the vein injury. I am concerned that since I had a pre-existing vein injury that smashing my thumb could have caused complications in my nerves. I do have some swelling in the whole right hand again now, mostly In the thumb. But the tingling is traveling through my whole hand and forearm. I was looking for insight as to whether or not I should continue to care for it as I did when I first got the vein injury by applying heat and keeping it elevated or if I should see my doctor as soon as possible. I have attached photo", "title": "I was given an IV incorrectly in the ER which gave me superficial thrombophlebitis?"}
{"text": "i am 26f been taking prednisone20mg for 4 days and i been dehydrated and been given a small iv fluid in an urgent care, the doc didn\u2019t care much and sent me home. i had an allergic reaction, couldn\u2019t breath and had trouble swallowing and er doc gave me a steroid shot and prescribe the med for 5 days, on jan26. i have been drinking lots of water and pedyalyte and my mouth is very dry, ive been urinating alot.  please help me,  i don\u2019t wana die. what else can i do to stop dehydratin", "title": "I don\u2019t want to die \u2013  I\u2019m taking prednisone 20mg for 4 days and I am dehydrated?"}
{"text": "31 male. No medication. I had a vasectomy 2 years ago and it took roughly 6 months of semen analysis saying 1 or rnms. My urologist had me bring a sample and said I\u2019m sterile. He used a microscope. I wanted a clear lab result so at a year I went and received 2 clear samples!! After the lab spilled 2 of them in transit. I thought about the issues and had 1 more test done last month to make sure and the result was sperm present. So again my urologist had me bring a sample in and he said without a doubt I\u2019m sterile. I asked why the lab said there were sperm and he said sometimes they don\u2019t know what they are looking at. It was quest diagnostics. Now I\u2019m unsure. Can a lab be wrong? Or trust my dr.In response to my previous question ( https://questiondoctors.com/i-had-a-semen-analysis-not-convinced-lab-analyzed-it-correctly/) of different dr and lab results from vasectomy. It says few sperm observed 1-5hpf from an uncentrifuged specimen.Sample was qns for concentratio", "title": "I had a semen analysis, need second doctor opinion and more advice?"}
{"text": "Hello, I was diagnosed with Restless Leg Syndrome, because I feel the urge in my legs to move and stretch them almost all the time. Because the stretching is actually helping, I want to ask if device like Night Splint which will hold my leg at  90 degrees and apply light stretch all night can help me with RLS", "title": "I was diagnosed with Restless Leg Syndrome I feel the urge in my legs to move and stretch them almost all the time?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 29, male, healthy.\nFor the past 5 days I have this sharp pain at the abdominal upper center left side, especially when riding bycicle.\nThank", "title": "Pain in abdominal upper center left side?"}
{"text": "My systems started off as tingles and weakness for about a week then adding headaches everyday and sometimes hard to breath and dry mouth.i been to the hospital twice they checked everything on my body they said everything was good. They said I could have generalized anxiety disorder and I had low potassium so they gave me xanax and low potassium pills.. but I was wondering can anxiety make you have headaches and feel weak and tingles all da", "title": "Diagnosed with anxiety disorder, can anxiety make you have headaches and feel weak and tingles all day?"}
{"text": "I am 25 years of age male from India, In the year 2016, that is exactly in the month of May i had a mild pain in my left abdomen and later in the end of the month, it eventually the pain was increased and on june i consulted my family doctor for the treatment, later after CT scan, there was 5mm  Stone in left kidney (oxalate stones) and for 3 months have took the antibiotics and followed the treatment also. Later i could see there was no pain at all in my abdomen. Then i have transferred to another state of India from my hometown on November 2016, where after that there was a pain in same lower abdomen on left side and continued for a month, so again on december 2016 i had a CT scan, bu the result shows that i don\u2019t have an stones at all in my kidney.But for the past one month i have a pain in my same place and once in a week , there is a digestive problem also . So kindly guide me what i have to do", "title": "CT scan found a 5mm Stone in left kidney (oxalate stones) took antibiotics but pain is now back?"}
{"text": "2 weeks ago i got std.  treated with ceftriaxone IM and doxocycline.\nPus still present after tx( but jus mild only on the morning after i wake up)doctor gave flagyl as to rule out trichomonas vaginalis. durong the entire course, i never experienced dysuria. just tingling sensation at the tip.FLAGYL given 2g single dose. pus no longer present but frequent urination is still noted.got my urinalysis today\npus cell 0 to 1\nrbc 3 to 5\nbacteria fe", "title": "I got STDs treated with ceftriaxone IM and doxocycline?"}
{"text": "My Mother gets this head spins, small head spins during daytime, I hold her head firm until spinning is gone, she wears collar too when her head gets spinning, now head spins occur during sleep and are long  and vision gets black or blurred, a general physician gave her cinnarizine tablets for these head spins, it did work but now it does not so often. And to mention that after these head spins she feels vomiting too but it does not come.\nAge 55+\nWeight 75+\nHeight 5ft 8 inch\nFemal", "title": "My Mother gets head spins vision gets black or blurred?"}
{"text": "Hello. I traveled to India in September 2014 and fell really ill with bad bouts of diarrhea and intestinal problems. This continued when I returned to the UK. I have been gluten free for roughly two years in order to help with my bowel problems. This has made me feel better most of the time. However even when following a strict gluten free diet I am still getting bad symptoms. It has got to the stage where I\u2019m scared to eat any food in fear of consequences. I have lost weight and the constant poor health is affecting me mentally and making me feel depressed. Please hel", "title": "I have been gluten free for roughly two years but still have major bowel problems?"}
{"text": "I am 35 years old female, I have a rib insertion/vertebra problem that give me so much pain and symptoms since 1 year now. I had x rays (attached)  and where there is the arrow it is where I have the pain. The ribs seems out of place or weird curve to it. Obviously family doctor don\u2019t see that it can cause me pain but all the therapists I\u2019ve saw told me it does! I did lots of manipulations, correction with physio, Osteo and chiro, without results. Can I have your opinion and help. Do you see something special about it and what\u2019s your thought on the upper curve of the rib and asymmetric to the left side\u2026? Thanks so much for your help. I\u2019m suffering a lot, everyday,  every night", "title": "I have a rib insertion/vertebra problem that give me so much pain?"}
{"text": "Hi there, I\u2019m a 31 year old woman and don\u2019t know what is wrong with me but i am constantly tired all the time and the more sleep i have the worse it gets.  I sleep for days a time and cannot keep my eyes open,  i have iron tabletsbut no change and it is affecting my partner and children and is putting my family on the line please hel", "title": "I am a 31 yr old woman, feeling constantly tired all the time it\u2019s putting my family on the line?"}
{"text": "I am 17 years male from southeast Asia. I recently had my tattoo removal surgery for 4th session. I seems to be itching for few days but a muscle like swelling occurred on that part after 1 week. I searched in internet and knew it could be Hypertropic scar or keloid. Please help me. I am very scared about that. It would be your greatest help if anyone could tell me what it is. I have attached the pictur", "title": "I recently had my tattoo removal surgery for 4th session, is it Hypertropic scar or keloid?"}
{"text": "hello I\u2019m asking for my daughter her name is (\u2026) born 29.09.2008 she has had viral bronchitis for 6 days now she has improved its at night she suffers with a bad cough she has now got a sore swollen lump just under her ear I\u2019m assuming a gland but it is sore and enlarged that you can see it she has no temperature with it and calpol does not take away the pain", "title": "My daughter has viral bronchitis for 6 days now calpol does not take away the pain?"}
{"text": "My son is 5 years old. He has a history of azthma. Today he was rushed to the hospital because he was having trouble breathing. They said he has croup. My question is if it is ok to give cough medication to him. The night before our hospital trip I visited a local Medical Center and was told he had a cold and to give him cough meds. Could this have made him worse", "title": "My son has a history of azthma now has croup?"}
{"text": "I am a 36yr old female.  I have recently begun procedures to investigate infertility.  My free TW levels are 1.24.  My TSH levels are 4.42 and my prolactin levels are 36.72.  I have been prescribed euthyrox and dostinex.    Can you tell me if this is appropriate medication?  I am on no other medication, have regular periods and have no medical complaints.  Unfortunately, the medical care provided but the state is generally accepted as poor in the country where I live and I would love a second opinion before I start perhaps unnecessary drugs.", "title": "I have been prescribed euthyrox and dostinex for infertility, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello I am a 45 year old female with no disease and I am on no medication and very healthy. Last month I had the flu or bronchitis badly, the head pain was unbearable, it tooks a couple of weeks to get over  and I still have headaches a little bit. My entire life I have always had sinus infections and my nose is always blocked. Three days ago I used a netti pot and I did it with my own salt and it burned. That night my vision was off and now for the past two days I have had double vision badly and today a headache- i have no health insurance and I literally have no money- at all- nothing for a dr\u2026is this from the netti pot did I gives my self a sinus infection.I cannot go to the ER and be in debt thousands to find out its a sinus infection thank you", "title": "I had the flu or bronchitis and now developed serious sinus infection?"}
{"text": "i have two holes in my chest that blow bloody bubbles when i breathe and have 3 broken ribs on the left side. i also have 4 gashes on the same side. the holes in the left side of my chest make a sucking sound when i breathe. i cant breathe deep. i called the emts and they are on their way. i keep bleeding from the holes in the left side of my chest. i was shot twice. i cant breathe. what will the emts and doctors do to stop this? and what is this condition called? what can i do for self care at home", "title": "I have two holes in my chest that blow bloody bubbles when I breathe?"}
{"text": "Hi i am 30yo male i feel pain at the point of heart several times in a day pain lasts only a second I\u2019m worried please help me thanks", "title": "I feel pain at the heart several times in a day?"}
{"text": "hello, my family friend\u2019s 4 year old child is suffering a problem. He loses conscious every 3-4 minutes which lasts for few seconds. Its been on going for more than a year. Hes seen doctors but since they life in a country where the medicine isnt advanced, they are not getting satisfying answer. He has also started losing a little sensation on one side of his bod", "title": "4 year old child loses conscious every 3-4 minutes and losing sensation on side of body?"}
{"text": "I am a 25 year old female. A few months ago I started getting upper right abdominal pain when I ate. It would move to my side and back. I lost my appetite and lost about 10 pounds. It went on for about a month before I went to the doctor. He sent me for an ultrasound of the gallbladder, which came back normal with slight sludge in the gallbladder. I decided to wait a few weeks to see if it would improve, but noticed at least one each week I would have an episode when I ate a large meal. I had blood work to check for H. Pylori, which came back normal, so was sent to a gastroenterologist. While I waited for an appointment, the pain improved some, but I would wake up with what felt like morning sickness most mornings. Eating would help some, as long as it was something light. I had a HIDA scan last week, which came back as an ejection rate of 76%. Technically this was viewed as normal, though my doctor still wants to refer me to a surgeon to see about having it removed.My question is does this sound like it could be gallbladder related issues? I am young, work out at least three times each week, and have never had health problems. I have been getting frequent cramping feelings in my stomach, and it constantly makes noises (gurgling sounds). Of course I have asked around, and several people have mentioned that it sounds like IBS, stomach ulcer, etc. I will say my bowel movements over the past three months have gone from regular (everyday) to every three days. If i drink coffee, it is more regular. Sometimes though I will have four bowel movements in one day. My upper abdomen hurts when I press it. I had a fatty meal (fried chicken, fries, and a biscuit) last week, and I hurt for hours after", "title": "I had a HIDA scan last week my doctor wants to remove gallbladder, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi, My amylase and lipase percentage has been 5 time the normal range high due to acute pancreatitis. While admitted in hospital, the WBC count was also abnormally high which has now been under control, however the lipase and amylase enzyme range is still alarmingly high. Please suggest medication to control the same and to help bring down the levels to the normal reference range of under 140 U/", "title": "While admitted in hospital My amylase and lipase percentage has been 5 time the normal range?"}
{"text": "Hello my partner who is 53 has been diagnosed with a benign ovarian cyst around 10cm. We are expats living in Cyprus and the private clinic here want to do a full hysterectomy, i am seriously debating taking her for a second opinion on the other procedures available. Do you agree", "title": "Diagnosed with a benign ovarian cyst around 10cm, clinic wants to do full hysterectomy, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I have a 4 years old child (Girl) with delayed milestones (speech) and have been having convulsions when she has an infection. She is sometimes hyperactive she has been diagnosed to have mild autism.Currently we give her Tegrotol for convulsions. what can we do to help her catch up with her speech and to reduce hyperactivity and also to eliminate convulsions", "title": "4 year old girl with delayed milestones (speech) and convulsions, what can we do?"}
{"text": "I had inguinal hernia surgery (laparoscopic) on Nov 17th.  I have been experiencing testicular and scrotum pain for about 2 months.  My doctor said it will go away in three months, ever I feel that it is getting worse.  It\u2019s been hurting after I masturbate and light exercise, which I have since stopped, however the pain does not go away. I can\u2019t do normal things like shopping without the pain in my scrotum.  Is this normal or is something else going on?  I was told that masturbation does not cause the pain, but I know it does. Will this pain ever go away", "title": "I had inguinal hernia surgery (laparoscopic), pain hasn\u2019t gone away?"}
{"text": "Female 40 years non smoker, occasional alcohol, going through early menopause.  For the past 5 weeks I have been getting stomach pain that feels like a gnawing very bad hunger pain. The pain feels like it is mid abdominal/ behind my belly button and quite deep inside. Sometimes it feels like there is pulsing sensation. Even after a big meal I still feel hungry, it has even woken me at night a couple of times.  Occasional nauseous but never vomited.  I have been prescribed two courses of antibiotics, currently half way through second and also omeprazole. I started feeling a bit better but now I am back where I started. I am starting to think it could be something more serious", "title": "I have been getting stomach pain that feels like a bad gnawing  pain?"}
{"text": "I had surgery (48 hours ago) under general anesthesia. In the recovery room, I noted a swollen lip, in one specific spot like an injury, but no broken skin like I had bitten it, and my lip still hurts quite a bit.  Surgery was no where near involving my mouth or face area. The nurse in recovery room noted it, but didn\u2019t seem to think much of it, other than to say it probably happened during anesthesia, which confused me a little.  How could this injury have occurred? What can I do for it", "title": "I had surgery on Friday, I noted a swollen lip  how could this injury have occurred?"}
{"text": "Im a 30yr old female. No medications or known health conditions.\nI recently found these bumps on my labia and I am wondering if they are HPV or vestibular papillomatosis.I tried the vinegar test and couldn\u2019t see any difference but am wondering how white warts appear when in vinegar? Would it be very obvious?", "title": "I found bumps on my labia is it HPV or vestibular papillomatosis?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am 35. 2 years back had undergone a big surgery to remove my appendix. It was big because they couldn\u2019t diagnose the cause of the pain and the cut my stomach. Its a big horizontal cut starting from little above the navel point till the beginning point of pubic region. My problem is since that time im having a bloating stomach. I showed it to a Gastro Doc. He said could be Intestinal adhesion and may need to operate if it is painful or if it is obstructing the bowel. I dont have any pain. What could it be and how do i get rid of it? Please help", "title": "I had important surgery to remove appendix, may have Intestinal adhesion problem, need second opinion before surgery?"}
{"text": "I am a 24 year old female college student, I am a bit over weight but losing. I have no serious physical health problems, no diabetes or anything. I do sometimes get lower back pain, right shoulder pain and other aches and pains in my legs and have broken a few of my fingers in different ways from being clumsy. The past two weeks my right hand and foot have been numb. I can still feel hot and cold, but they have a strange tingling feeling that feels like when your foot falls asleep. I tried to do some stretching, and since I thought it was a pinched nerve I was doing some stretches to relieve that. This has only made it worse, it has turned from feeling just numb and uncomfortable to feeling tight and painful. Over my ribs on the same side (right) feels really tight, so combined with my leg and shoulder/arm, it feels like I can\u2019t move and it\u2019s painful to do anything. It\u2019s only progressively gotten worse since it started. I\u2019m not sure what I should do to get help with this problem, should I call my doctor, go to a chiropractor, or go to the emergency room", "title": "My right hand and foot have been numb I can\u2019t move and it\u2019s painful?"}
{"text": "Hi my mom uses a colostomy bag she did a surgery on 10/1/17 to remove a hernia she pass stool 7 days after, it has being 7 days now she haven\u2019t pass stool and vomiting a lot doctors take xrays give her laxatives but nothing she\u2019s at the hospital now and all the doctors are doing is just waiting for her to pass stool isn\u2019t it too long now please tell me what u assume might b happening to he", "title": "Using colostomy bag after hernia surgery, after 7 days haven\u2019t passed stools?"}
{"text": "I am 67and female. I have always had very dry skin, and at present wearing anything synthetic causes extreme nausea, faintness and beating heart. The symptoms gradually worsen until I remove the offending item(s). The same symptoms occur temporarily if I even touch synthetics fabrics of any kind. A dermatologist recommended Aveena moisturizing cream and prescribed Clobetasone. But the Aveena produced the same symptoms and I had to bathe, flannel and towel it off, and do not like therefore to risk the Clobetasone. The condition has gradually become more extreme over the past couple of months. I cannot even go out, as the synthetic lining all coats have affects me even through the clothes underneath, and feels as if it is burning me. Could I have thin skin? Would extreme dehydration cause it", "title": "Wearing anything synthetic causes extreme nausea, faintness and beating heart?"}
{"text": "Hello , My name is (\u2026) I am 22 years old . I have recently been having some mild stomach pain but also a lot of burning sensations in my upper stomach . I had an endoscopy done and a colonoscopy done and would like a second opinion about my biopsy results . My doctor says its not Crohns disease but what is it then ? It says that I have lymphoid hyperplasia and mild duodentites and mild gastritis . What does This mean ? And wht is the treatment", "title": "My Doctor says colonoscopy shows Crohns disease, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m 41 years old female. I have terrible earache and sore throat only on the right side. I had TMJ on the left side of my face after I had dental work. I had no signs or symptoms of it before dental work. I had to open my mouth too long. I saw ENT doctor afterwards and the medications she gave seemed to work for pain. I waited two months to heal to finish my dental work. But again after I had a filling the pain came back worse than before. I have been taking Sirdalud and Tilcotil with the oral surgeons suggestion. The symptoms of TMJ is decreasing I got terrible ear ache and sore throat on the right side. Nothing seem to work. It gets worse at night. I started to take Zimaks. Its second day and I still have pain. What might be the reason for this? I have seen ENT again but didn\u2019t help.", "title": "I had Temporomandibular Joint Disorders I have terrible ear ache and sore throat?"}
{"text": "Hello!  Thank you so much for taking the time to consider my question.  I am 25, male, and currently take 1mg of ropinerole at night for restless leg syndrome.  I was at the dentist today to get a root canal, and they gave me an epinephrine anesthetic, 16ug as I later found out.  Shortly after the shot, I started shaking, twitching, and moving around uncontrollably, and my eyes started tearing up even though I was not feeling emotional.  I felt very very extreme and almost had a panic attack sitting in the dentist chair.  It took about an hour for these effects to subside.  Needless to say, I never got my root canal, and they almost called an ambulance to come check me out.  The dentist told me that 16ug of epinephrine is very small and that, at hospitals, they can give people as much as one gram to stop a heart attack.  So why would such a small amount of adrenaline almost warrant a trip to the ER", "title": "Dentist gave me epinephrine anesthetic I started shaking, twitching, and moving around uncontrollably?"}
{"text": "Hi. I have no allergy, some diabetes and heart problems ( grand parents). I have a stiff neck a stomach that doesn\u2019t digest ( want to vomit up to 6 hours after eating) and my eyes are very swollen from the morning for at least 5 hours. This started 3 days ago just after my periods finished. Also some pain and discomfort in the chest a few times a day. Can you please advise. I am a smoker, 31 years old born in Niger and (living) in London.", "title": "I have a stiff neck a stomach that doesn\u2019t digest and swollen eyes?"}
{"text": "My father is 67 years old and has been suffering from diabetes since the past 25 years and it has now affected his kidneys. In October 2016  his creatinine was 2.92 and  we were informed that he is suffering from CKD. Later in December 2016 his creatinine was reported to be 3.0 . In January 2017 creatinine arose to 4.77 and  he had lost his appetite and had become very inactive for which he had to be admitted  to the hospital. On 25th of Jan creatinine was recorded to be at 6.7 and within two days on the 27th of Jan it was reported to be 7.7 with all medications in place as listed below. His diabetes is between 130-200 between fasting and post lunch. We were informed  that  diabetes is within control. His BP is reported at an average of 137 to 140 everyday. ECG and 2Decho look good as informed. His potassium is currently 4.2, Haemoglobin is low at 8.He is taking the following medicines, daily dosage recommendations is also mentioned below:\n1]Ceftum             1-0-1\n2]Crocin             1-1-1\n3]Dytor 40           1-1-0\n4]Nicardia           1-0-1\n5]Prazopress xl2.5   0-0-1\n6]Sobisis forte      1-1-1\n7]Eido Fe            0-1-0\n8]Gemcal  \t     0-1-0\n9]Rantac-D           1-0-1\n10]Ecosprin75        0-1-0\n11]Flavedon Mr       1-0-1\n12]Trica 0.25        0-0-1\n13]Rocartor 0.25     1-0-0\n14]Neogadine2.5      1-0-1\n15]Duphlac           1-0-1Insulin (Novarapid) 10-10-4Please let me know the foll as we want to avoid dialysis as far as possible. He is recently undergone AVF surgery as just a precautionary measure for dialysis:1]Inspite of all this medication why is creatinine still on the rise.\n2]If any of the above medicine is causing rise in creatinine.\n3]Is there any other medication that can reduce creatinine. I had come across a post which mentioned that wysolone and Ketosteril can reduce creatinine effectively, please suggest if this could help us.", "title": "Diabetes patient wants to avoid dialysis as far as possible underwent AVF surgery, why is creatinine levels high?"}
{"text": "I am female 39 years old and I have had swelling in feet ankles and legs and I went to the ER about it and was admitted for low hemoglobin which was 6.2 and had a blood transfusion and a bag of iron intravenously and for 2 weeks my well my legs did not swell now that I have been out of iron pills for 4 days and I\u2019m on my menstral cycle ,Which are heavy. My feet legs and ankles have been swollen again what do you think this i", "title": "I had swelling in feet ankles and legs, low hemoglobin, now swelling again?"}
{"text": "In 1996 I was thrown into a fence by a horse. In 2000 I started having pain in my neck and arm. I was put on morphine and percocet which my new doctor finally got me off of last September. He had me get a spinal injection which worked great until Dec so I went for another one and have been in agony ever since. I saw him 2 days ago, he gave me 2 shots where the pain is and told me to keep my 1/31 appt for the next spinal injection but I am still in so much pain in my neck that I can\u2019t hold my head up, I\u2019m flat on my back with a heating pad alternating with an ice pack. I can\u2019t deal with this pain for another week. Please help and tell me what I should do.", "title": "I get spinal injections for pain relief but I still have terrible pain?"}
{"text": "I am 66 years old, white, female and until this past summer of 2016, had rarely seen a doctor in 10 years.  When I had MRI and X-rays of my back during the summer, I was told I have osteoarthritis of my back; primarily Lumbar 4 and 5 \u2013 degenerative disk disease \u2013 it was verified that it is not rheumatoid arthritis by blood work.  Nothing was said about any disorder of the hips.  Lately, if I sit too long as in even for 15 minutes or if I stand too long (while waiting on corner for light to change) \u2013 my hips literally lock and I can not get up out of the chair and if I am standing too long, my legs try to lock \u2013 it is like I HAVE to keep moving or lay down for any comfort. I am five 5 8 and I have gained 22 pounds since all this started.  I can still walk fine even though I am not sure what is good for me to do or not do.  From what I have read, I think it is bursitis as it is in the exact location in each hip \u2013 would an X-ray or MRI show this", "title": "I have osteoarthritis my hips literally lock and I can not get up?"}
{"text": "My aunt has just been diagnosed with breast cancer. can you kindly explain what this measurements are on the biopsy report? 5s/2c  and further stated 1.3 x 1.1. She is planning on using another method of treatment at a wellness clinic called Utopia in Florida, which treatment involves natural remedies and vitamins minerals etc, for a period of 8 weeks. If it is not successful, will her cancer spread during that time? How fast does cancer spread?", "title": "Diagnosed with breast cancer, will a natural remedy wellness clinic work?"}
{"text": "Hey, I\u2019m (\u2026) 23 years old this year and I\u2019m in trouble but I\u2019m not sure why my doctor diagnosed me with \u201cblood brain abnormalities\u201d while the MRI memo says I\u2019m okay. I was told to take MRI because I\u2019ve been dealing with \u201ckeractoconus and hypoparathyroidism\u201d for a year so only now, checking for abnormalities. So anyways, here\u2019s what the MRI says: FINDINGS\nNo prior study is available for comparison. No mass effect, hydrocephalus or shift of the midline structures is present. The basal cisterns are not effaced. There is no restricted diffusion. No abnormal susceptibility is seen on SWI suggestive of haemorrhage. Normal grey white differentiation is noted. There are normal vascular flow voids. MRA reveals no significant intracranial large vessel stenosis or evidence of a vascular malformation. The orbit contents appear unremarkable, mucous retention cyst is seen in the left maxillary sinus.", "title": "Diagnosed with \u201cblood brain abnormalities\u201d but MRI says I\u2019m OK?"}
{"text": "hi.i am 23 year old girl.i had undergone nephrectomy 10 years ago of my left kidney. everything was alright in previous years.in last year in july i felt pressure in my lower abdomen. then i got typhoid. it was minor. i took medicine. i felt ok.but now i got fever again and it just in between 99-100 and only for one hour or so many times in a day.i also felt pressure in lower abdomen sometime.feels fatigue without work sometimes. backache sometimes.sometimes feels pain in uretors.what u suggest??", "title": "I have fever several times a day with pressure in lower abdomen?"}
{"text": "Last week I injured my left ankle from a heavy wood pallet fell off a stack of pallets and hit me on my left ankle. After the blow my ankle became very swollen and bruised. After the injury I was taken to the ER where the Dr did an X-ray of my ankle and said my ankle had a very bad Sprain. Well 9 days later my ankle is still bruised and swollen but my main concern is I am on crutches and everytime I use my crutches my injured ankle and foot becomes very red and purple and my foot begins to throb. My question i guess is is this normal for my ankle and foot to turn colors like this and does this sound like a broken ankle or a sprained ankle", "title": "I use crutches after injured ankle, and foot becomes very red and purple and my foot begins to throb?"}
{"text": "DR,MY SON, MALE, 11 YRS OLD. ONE YEAR AGO, HE HAVING STOMACH ACHE. WE HAVE VISITED MANY CLINICS AND SPECIALIST. ALL THE TIME DIAGNOSE FOR NORMAL GAS PROBLEM. PAIN WILL GO AND COME BACK AFTER SOME TIME. ABOUT 3 MONTH AGO THE PAIN GETTING WORST. WHEN HE TESTED FOR BLOOD, THEY FOUNT HIS RED BLOOD CELL COUNT IS LOW. DR DID SCOPE AND TOLD US HE HAVING EOSINOPHILIC GASTROENTERITIS. HIS BLOOD TEST DOES NOT SHOW ANY ABNORMALITY AT WHITE CELL COUNT. THE SCOPING SHOW SMALL WOUND AT SMALL INTENSIL AND REDDISHNESS AT STOMACH. STOMACH PAIN IS THE ONLY SYSPMTOM HE HAVE, NO OTHER SIGN. HE DID NOT PUT WEIGHT PASS ONE YEAR AT 28KG. THE DR PRESCRIBE PREVISOLONE 40 MG FOR NEXT TWO WEEKS. PLEASE ADVICE WHAT WE SHOULD DO NEXT TO CONFIRM THIS. THANK", "title": "My son has EOSINOPHILIC GASTROENTERITIS, what should we do next?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 31. Have had 3 children, youngest turns 5 soon. Diagnosed with UC mild to moderate in Dec, been in flare since June before diagnosis. Have had cartilage removed from right hip due to severe labral tears in 2009, 2 surgical screws in greater tronchanter region from that surgery. Currently taking pentasa 500mgx4 daily, buscopan 10mg as needed, ketorolac tromethamine if needed only after meals, cloxcillan (can\u2019t remember name) antibiotic for mastitis 4x daily 2nd week ends this Friday. Prednisone 30mg daily started yesterday and tapering by 10mg weekly until finished. Probiotic daily.\nWhile in hospital end of August when I had my colonoscopy and was later diagnosed with UC, I developed an swelling/growth around the vagina entrance that stretches up to and partially around my urethra. It is not as bortholin gland cyst as I have had them before and this does not affect the labia or move inside my vagina as I found out after a Pap smear which came back clear. There is no pain, itching, tenderness or smell. There is however redness and my vaginal discharge had changed to a permanent clear stretchy kind like you get when ovulating but no smell or colour. Antifungal and steroidal creams done nothing and while on prednisone no change as have had it before.", "title": "Diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis, developed an swelling/growth around the vagina?"}
{"text": "I am 34 years old. I have Short Urinary tract  (yuretra) and also burning in urinary tract.. what medicine i will take.. now urispas and citra alka syrup is suggested by doctor.. pls clarify my doubts.. i am so worried.. help me.", "title": "I have Short Urinary tract  (yuretra) and also burning in urinary tract.. what medicine is good?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 23 year old female. I have been having lower back and abdominal pain that feels similar to the period pains I get, but it\u2019s happening in between periods. The pain is so severe that it causes my teeth to chatter. I am taking the contraceptive pill \u2013 rigivedon. The pain only lasts maybe 10 minutes and is at random but does interrupt whatever I\u2019m doing at the time. The pain is all around my lower back and lower abdomen- not just one sid", "title": "I have lower back and abdominal pain feels similar to the period pains but in between periods?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 44 year old male never smoked or tasted alcohol in my life,a few pounds over weight but only around 20 but I can lose that with 3 months working out. Good health never any problems at all go to family doc.1 time a year for the common cold is all.\nOver the past 4 months I feel like doing nothing, no energy, no drive, I also feel down, and just like crawling in a ball and crying. I\u2019ve never been a depressed person, but I fill depressed. And no energy to work out.\nI\u2019m a business owner and just took on another addition to my business and thing I have so much to do it might be the stress over loading on me. Then I read a bit and see a mans testosterone drops at my age.\nAny advise?\nThank you", "title": "Over the past 4 months I feel like doing nothing, no energy, no drive, I also feel down?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m a 26 years old that have a productive cough that won\u2019t go away.When it first started the doctor prescribed me antihistamines, after a month of those, I felt worse and another doctor prescribed decongestants, antibiotics and steroids. Those helped for a little, but once I finished the cure, the cough came back and another doctor gave me antihistamines and nasal spray which didn\u2019t help at all,\nI don\u2019t know what to do anymore.\nIn attachment there is a Xray I did when it first started", "title": "Cough that won\u2019t go away, doctor prescribed decongestants, antibiotics and steroids, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I am (suffering) pain on left side of my ches", "title": "I am (suffering) pain on left side of my chest?"}
{"text": "My mother who is 67 years old has had a surgery to remove a tumor which was called desmoid tumor. Resection margin are free. No other remarkable changes could be detected according to the pathology report. Most likely there is no families fap. Please I want to know how dangerous it is on health and life considering its size, place and my mother\u2019s age. And the chance of having fap considering her age and the place of the tumor (abdominal wall) Pathology report:Gross :excision biopsy of soft tissue specimen 5\u00d74 cm showing firm pale whitish mass 2\u00d72 cm measuring 2 cm from nearest margin. Microscopic: examination reveals infiltrative fibromatosis, consisting of interlacing spindle cell bundles, separated by collagenous stroma with mild cellular pleomorphism. Mitosis is not a marked feature. Some lymphocytic infiltration are seen. Besides blood vessels are well formed. Resection margin are free. No other remarkable changes could be detected. Conclusion :desmoid tumor \u2013 infiltrative fibromatosis\nResection margin are free", "title": "Removed desmoid tumor is it life threatening, here are pathology report findings?"}
{"text": "I recently have been having a lot of diarrhea and has.causing me to wipe a lot for several days. I started to feel a burn in my anal area which I assumed was from wiping so much. But then I felt these bumps so now I\u2019m worried.  I think they were once filled with clear fluid and then popped (so the picture was taken after being popped) and there\u2019s also more bumps than shown in the picture on the outside", "title": "I have diarrhea and found lumps on rectal area?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m female 25yrs, 5\u20193 130lbs, on and off for the past few months when I use the toilet, there is bright red blood from my anus. Sometimes it\u2019s mucusy. It\u2019s not only when I have a bowel movement. Sometimes my anus will bleed bright red blood when I pee too. I tried eatting more fiber, eatting less fiber, drinking more water, it\u2019s totally random. It\u2019s not painful. What\u2019s causing this", "title": "There is bright red blood from my anus when I have bowel movement and when urinating?"}
{"text": "Im a mum living in UK. I would like just ask something about my baby. He started his vaccine for the immunisation in UK and he should have done the third shot on the 18th of January but we are in italy for family problems and we will back in UK at the end of February. Is it a problem? My son has to repeat all of the shots if we are so late? Please can you help me? From here i can t contact the docto", "title": "My baby had immunization in UK and he should have done the third shot but can\u2019t?"}
{"text": "Here\u2019s when it all started. I was 14 years old and I noticed millions of red spots all over my legs from the knees down. Me and my mom were worried on what it was so we went to the ER and they said possibly it was henoch schonlein purpura but they didn\u2019t diagnosis me with it. I am now 18 years old and they still haven\u2019t gone away. One doctor told me it would go away on its own so it did a week later and then another week passes by and then they come back. I get bad joint pain in my ankles and knees I\u2019ve only gotten the rash from my knees down and I get stomach pain and just recently I noticed blood in my urine. The picture I have uploaded it 3-4 days after they have shown up on my legs they get blood red", "title": "I may have henoch schonlein purpura, need confirmation and advice?"}
{"text": "hi i`am a 31 year male that has been diagnosed with an Acoustic Nouroma Tumour which is 4 inches in size, that sits next to my brain stem 2 options for surgery 1) full removal with lots of risks 2) Middle of tumour removed with radiation but unsure how much radiation had when was a child with all cancer please advise on what choice I should make very unsure I have no records of how much radiation I have has in Sydney Children\u2019s Hospital In 1989-1991", "title": "I have Acoustic Nouroma Tumour, should I have full surgery or partial with radiation?"}
{"text": "I am 46 years male. I have been experiencing unsteadiness and imbalance for about 2 years now. This is the main symptom. I also have severe sleep apnea. My right hand has a reduced swing while walking. I have a postural tremor, but it has been there for many years. My speech sometimes chokes up suddenly while talking, and i have to clear my throat to continue. I also feel light headed once in a way, this is diff from the unsteadiness and is independent of posture etc. My doctors suspects it is early Parkinson\u2019s. A spine MRI showed cervical compression in c6-c7, c5-c6 with myelopathic changes last year. This year I repeated MRI, but now it says myelomalacic changes in c6 c7. A spine surgeon advised me surgery.Can my symptoms be due to only spine issues or Parkinson\u2019s or both? What are myelomalacic changes? What will it lead to if I do not have surgery? I don\u2019t have any significant pain symptoms. But hand is slightly weaker (weaker grip). Doctor says 4 out of 5 (strength)", "title": "Can my unsteadiness and imbalance be due to only spine issues or Parkinson\u2019s or both?"}
{"text": "I am 27 year old man and have been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, although what troubles me the most is anxiety and depression. Very strong versions of them! I have been hospitalized 21st of October 2016. for 3 weeks in psychiatry because of intense stress which manifested as strong tremors and huge sweating without temperature. I am in really stressful condition basically whole past year and still. I take Geodon (ziprasidone) 2x40mg and fluvoxamine 150 mg, often abusing promazine as I have intense problems with falling asleep. After two weeks in hospital, on weekend release home, I took in desperation in two days 2 pills of Proscar (finasteride). I must be honest and tell that even before taking this two pills I felt huge decline in my sexual function. Since hospitalized couldn\u2019t get any real erections\u2026 But when I took the pills it went all the way down. I lost all sexual functions including sexual thoughts. After 3 weeks of taking it I could maintain barely erection so when I masturbate I hardly orgasm. But I thought I was recovering. Now, since beginning of this year I became totally impotent, even strongest visual, aural and tactile stimuli couldn\u2019t do anything not even little erection. So I got really psycho after that! I cried, I don\u2019t know the reason which caused it! These two pills? Or what? Geodon and Fluvoxamine aren\u2019t new in my therapy. In fact, they didn\u2019t add or remove anything from therapy while I was hospitalized that last time. I tested my hormones which I am attaching to this question. It\u2019s in Croatian, but you will know what each word means. It\u2019s global language, medicine. Doctor told me I need to go to my psych immediately tomorrow for change of therapy. That it is the cause, receptors in my brain that hold me from getting erection and by the way I lost all emotions of love! I don\u2019t know what it feels to be loved. So he suggested switching medicine. I was taking fluvoxamine whole my life since I got first symptoms, since I was 14teen. I just wanted to ask, is it possible that brain and depression, anxiety or whatever psyche did this to me? And shall I change both AD and AP or just change antidepressant? And which one I would be best on, since I tried once for few days paroxetine and I couldn\u2019t orgasm at all! So no to paroxetine. Is there any antidepressant that would help me with severe depression and one that doesn\u2019t destroy my libido or orgasm ability? I just still can\u2019t believe that I became impotent and lost emotions just because of psyche. If you can, please explain it to me bit more, cause I really do not understand that it is possible. It\u2019s like telekinesis! Doing stuff physical with psyche", "title": "My antidepressants destroyed my libido, what other medication can help me?"}
{"text": "Age :70 years Gender : Female. Medical Conditions: Asthma and Congestive Heart Failure. Has Pacemaker.\nIn October 2016 was prescribed Prednisone to treat asthma. The prednisone caused severe edema(swelling) all over body. Doctor is suggesting that Dialysis be done to get rid of the edema. I  need a second opinion. Will Dialysis get rid of the edema?Please advise", "title": "Doctor is suggesting that Dialysis be done to get rid of the edema. I need a second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello. My child is 17 months old and has just got this rash on her chest. That is the only spot she\u2019s got on her body so far. What can it be? Images are attached. Please give me additional questions if needed and thank you for your answe", "title": "My child is 17 months old and has just got this rash on her chest?"}
{"text": "I had a wooden splinter on my left ankle, I was sitting at a wooden deck next to a ferry stop place, then when I want to get up my left ankle scraped on the wooden deck and a wood splinter got in my ankle. It didn\u2019t went in vertically but went in horizontally across the skin. Here\u2019s a pic of the wound after I manage to take the bigger piece out\nIt only bleed a little after I took the big piece out, and as you can see there\u2019s still smaller pieces left in there so I went to a doctor, the doctor manage to take all the pieces out with local anesthetic. The doctor open up the wound and there was some bleeding happening, the wound it\u2019s now covered with a gauze. I asked the doctor whether there is any risk of tetanus, as I haven\u2019t had a tetanus shot in more than 10 years (in fact I don\u2019t think I\u2019ve ever had one?), as I don\u2019t like the idea of having vaccination and their possible side effects. The doctor said it should be fine without one as it\u2019s not a deep puncture and the wooden deck doesn\u2019t have any rust etc. but I would like to ask for a second opinion as I\u2019m quite worried about tetanus.I\u2019m 26 year old female, no known medical conditions", "title": "I had a wooden splinter on my left ankle doctor said no tetanus, need second doctor opinion"}
{"text": "\u2013 Absence of recent suspect traumatic bone lesion visible from the segments\nExamined.\n\u2013 Irregularity and fragmentation of the nuclei of femoral heads more marked\nOn the right side suggesting a bilateral Legg-Perthes-Calv\u00e9 disease\nTwo hips.\n\u2013 Control", "title": "Is it Legg-Perthes-Calv\u00e9 disease?"}
{"text": "Male, 68. Diagnosed atrial fibrilation 2013. Taking Bisoprolol, Furousimide, Ramipril, Atorvastatin and 5.5mg Warfarin daily (IRN 2.5 steady monitored 3/12).  Recent erectile dysfunction.  Question: should I avoid changing medication and go for a pump", "title": "Recent erectile dysfunction, should I avoid changing medication and go for a pump?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026). I am 25 years old. I was ran over in my right hip area 3 years ago. When I had xrays done they said there was no break. I am in a lot of pain in my hip, buttocks, back and leg. Could it be a break or something that has moved over time. I do have a large\u2026I guess heimotomia\u2026on my leg since it has happened but hasnt had much effect. I need to know whats wrong im in a lot of pain", "title": "Had accident right hip \u2013  I am in a lot of pain in my hip, buttocks, back and leg."}
{"text": "It all started from the age 19, i had pain on my knee,left/right suppose right knee and the after few days it circulated to my right elbow then to the left elbow and then to the left knee and the pain vanished. It kept occurring in about 2 weeks, then slowly the pain started increasing it started hurting from my knee below, the circulation occurred and vanished. I used to apply gel and bandages because i thought its jus the normal pain. It continued and almost after 2 years or so the pain started getting extreme and the whole leg and hold hand started paining. I realized its not usual pain so i went and checked, because it started from the knee they inspected my bones and all my results were clear. After going to few doctors they said its not a bone problem may be nerves, i went to check again and they suspected it to be arthritis but since nothing could be seen on my bones they weren\u2019t sure about it. The pain now attacks my whole leg and my lower back, if my hand then whole hand my upper back. Many times i have had very severe pain throughout my body and i freeze i cannot move anything and if i do it hurts even more. I feel like someone is poking me with a very sharp thing all over my body, all i do is take a painkiller and sleep. Once when it was paining so much i happened to take 3 painkillers in the difference of an hour and my face started swelling like an allergic patient and i was rushed to the hospital and given allergic stuffs which cooled it down i just wanted the pain to cool down so i took unknowingly that these things might happen. I don\u2019t know what it is and haven\u2019t figured it out. Do you have any idea?i am 27 now", "title": "I have pain throughout my body, I don\u2019t know what it is?"}
{"text": "I am a 25 year old female. About 6 months ago I was told I had pcosd. About 8 months ago I had my gallbladder removed and that\u2019s the only surgery I\u2019ve had. For the the past year every month I\u2019ve been taking a ovulation pill to help me get pregnant. Other than that,that\u2019s the only medicine I take daily. So Wednesday I woke up with this crazy pain in my right lower abdomen. I went to work and worked all day and the pain wasn\u2019t seeming to get any better! I went to my doctor who believed it was my appendix and sent me to the er to have a ct scan,it came back fine. Said I had an ovarian cyst and to follow up with my obgyn. I did that the next day and she seemed to believe it wasn\u2019t a obgyn problem and said it was a stomach issue. So she sent me to a stomach doctor who also believed it was my appendix considering I\u2019m having all the signs and symptoms. My white blood count is high and my urine came back fine. So she sent me for another ct scan,this time they contrasted me! Anyway that scan came back fine. I went the next day for a follow up appointment with the stomach doctor and she said she doesn\u2019t know what\u2019s going on, she said she would rule it as something else but she said it isn\u2019t explaining my my white blood count is high. So she wanted to put me on a antibiotic over the weekend and if it isn\u2019t better by Monday she is gonna do surgery. I read on line that the appendix will rupture after three days and today is day 4 . The pain is still there and I\u2019m still running a low grade fever but I feel no different than I did three days ago.  So my question is, should I go through with the surgery? I don\u2019t like the fact I\u2019m gonna be operated on and not know what the problem is. Please give me some feed back to help me understand", "title": "Doctor thinks my appendix needs surgery, should I go through the surgery?"}
{"text": "Hi there. I had a trampolining accident when I was 15. 6 months later I went to the doctor due to persistent back problems as I had very limited mobility. I was referred to the Royal National Orthopedic Hospital where I was told I had mild disc bulge and a degeneration in the 5th of my lumber. I had physio for two years which improved my strength. I am now 19 and have days where walking is a difficulty and I cannot carry on with daily activities and affects my mobility at work. These days do not always have a trigger as to why I am in so much pain.I want to do something about this pain as I am young and the pain and difficulty is unbearable at times. There are so many different therapies and ways to improve lower back pain online but I don\u2019t know which way to go. Have you got any advice", "title": "I had mild disc bulge and a degeneration in the 5th of my lumber, what therapy should I undergo?"}
{"text": "My 13 year old daughter has been having a shooting pain on the top right of her head since last march or april. The spot was probably about a inch big. When we first noticed it there was a bump but it went away within a month so we didnt worry about it until a few months later. The doctor had us follow up to take her for a MRI but they did not find anything so we left it alone and a few weeks to a month later, the dot extended to about three inches and goes to the back right of her head. We do not know rather to follow up with the doctor again or leave it alone because they did not find anything in the MRI . Is there any other tests they could do? What could it be", "title": "My 13 year old daughter has been having a shooting pain on the top right of her head?"}
{"text": "On the 27th of December I came down with severe throbbing on my right temple and felt like i was going to faint, i got severely sick, diarrhea and vomiting with heavy shivering and fever (hot/cold). I had a ct scan done and results were fine. Since then I keep having throbbing temple pain with a cold water sensation running down. Three days ago I got sick again, only diarrhea with no nausea, and I was shivering again with a hot/cold fever. Whats wrong with me?? I am on antibiotics now, but the throbbing temples with the cold sensation is still there! This has never happened to me!\nIm a 28 year old female, weighing around 50kgs, and am 157cm tall", "title": "I came down with severe throbbing on my right temple and felt like I was going to faint, i got severely sick, diarrhea and vomiting with heavy shivering and fever"}
{"text": "30 years old 1 year now since debilitating back pain unable to sit stand walk lift do anything. On fentynol and percocet. Lost 80 pounds my labs came back ana 1:80 speckled pattern and connective tissue disease. What is this what do I do im so sick im gonna die I know it. Help me im wasting awa", "title": "Debilitating back pain unable to do anything, tests show connective tissue disease"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 23 and female. I had a baby 7 months ago I lost nearly three litres of blood due to my placenta breaking, o had one blood transfusion, since then I\u2019ve been constantly dizzy, I had iron pills they says that\u2019s fine now had low blood pressure that\u2019s okay too apparently, I have anxiety they usually put it down to that or me being exhausted as I have two children by myself but I know it\u2019s got to be more as I\u2019m dizzy all the time it never goes away, to the point I feel I\u2019m going to pass out it\u2019s scary especially when I\u2019m alone with my children  I really need something to help with my constant dizzynes", "title": "I lost nearly three liters of blood due to my placenta breaking I feel I\u2019m going to pass out"}
{"text": "I underwent to face lift two weeks ago. I have nerve damage on my left side of my upper lip when I talk and when I smile. When you look at me at rest I look perfectly fine. My main problem is when I speak, the right side of my mouth works perfectly fine, but the left side still moves but not as much as the right looking like I talk out of the side of my mouth.  Will the nerves ever reattach", "title": "I had a face lift  two weeks ago I now have  nerve damage on left side of my face?"}
{"text": "My girlfriend is 23 years old and has been a MS patient for about 10 years. Her first MS attack happened when she was 14. It was in her right eye. The second one happened when she was 20 and it was in her left eye. After the second attack she was prescribed to inject a drug called CinnoVex which Iranian version similar to Avonex. You can find information about CinnoVex in the link below.She used CinnoVex until recently. But the injections are painful and with some minor side effects. Then a few month ago she had an MRI and based on that there was no sign of MS plaques in her brain. But her doctor says that it is better for her to continue her medication as a preventive measure. The doctor has changed her drug to another one which is called Cinnumer. This one is just made in Iran and you can see its information in this link.The question that I have is: should she take this medication even though she is ok at the moment? Some other doctor\u2019s here say that it is not necessary, but her own doctor which is very famous in MS field believe that she needs to be under medication for the rest of her life. We are kind of confused and would appreciate some expert opinion to help us make the best decision in this situation. Thank you all and sorry for my bad English", "title": "23 years old Multiple sclerosis (MS) patient for about 10 years, is medication necessary?"}
{"text": "31 male. No medication. I had a vasectomy 2 years ago and it took roughly 6 months of semen analysis saying 1 or rnms. My urologist had me bring a sample and said I\u2019m sterile. He used a microscope. I wanted a clear lab result so at a year I went and received 2 clear samples!! After the lab spilled 2 of them in transit. I thought about the issues and had 1 more test done last month to make sure and the result was sperm present. So again my urologist had me bring a sample in and he said without a doubt I\u2019m sterile. I asked why the lab said there were sperm and he said sometimes they don\u2019t know what they are looking at. It was quest diagnostics. Now I\u2019m unsure. Can a lab be wrong? Or trust my dr", "title": "I had a semen analysis, not convinced lab analyzed it correctly?"}
{"text": "73 year old female had follow up ultra sound to check out polyp in gallbladder no change in polyp but doc saw what he called vague suggestion of sludge or possible change in mucosa he suggested ct scan but ct scan radiologist suggested repeat ultra sound but it not suggest time frame for follow should this be done roght away or in couple of months your comments pleas", "title": "I need a CT scan, how urgent is it?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a female 25 years old I\u2019m normally healthy person. I started with fever on a Wednesday and severe headache. I went to the doctor they just gave me tylenol and ibuprofen. The next day I woke up with pain in my throat but I didn\u2019t pay to much attention I was more worried with the fact that every 2 hours I was sweating and with fever. The next day, Friday it was bad . I wasn\u2019t able to eat or to drink not even water. I started watching little white  bumps in my throat. I went to the doctor again and now they added amoxicillin 500mg  3 times a day. I\u2019m just worried they are not giving me the correct treatment or diagnostic . My throat pain is getting worst every hour. I can\u2019t even drink or swallow the pills .i feel I\u2019m swallowing nails please help me what\u2019s wrong with me  thank yo", "title": "I started with fever, throat pain getting worse, worried my doctor not giving me right treatment"}
{"text": "hello doctor\nim (\u2026). my father has wounds on both of his ankles. its been more than 8 years and he had gone grafting two times and had undergone homeopathic allopathic and ayurvedic treatment also. he is not a diabetic patient. his age in 52 and weight is 100kg and height is about 6ft.\nnow he taking ayurvedic medicien from last 3 years. but its not working. had gone so many tests and all.\nplease help to cure this . and tell us which disease is it", "title": "my father has wounds on both of his ankles. its been more than 8 years?"}
{"text": "22 y.o. male. No PMHx besides fractures of lower leg and left wrist. Recently I have been dealing with a shaking sensation when my muscles are under stress/load. For instance, when I slowly walk down the stairs or if I were to squat for an extended period of time, the muscles in my legs will become very shaky. Another time I notice it is while laying down, if I were to sit up slightly to grab something, such as my phone, the muscles in my abdomen do the same thing. I have also noticed it when lifting heavier objects. While I know if it were just my legs, I could attribute it to weakness perhaps, but with it seemingly effecting all the muscles in my body, I do not feel as though this would be the cause. I met with my PCP a few times about this, and so far all blood work as been normal with the exception of my Vitamin D level which was low. I have been taking a 50 IU Vitamin D pill 1 time per week for a month now (4 doses) and my symptoms do not seem to be improving. I have also noticed a shake, or almost a tremor in my hands/fingers at times. As I am typing this when I have my wrist/palm on the table and my fingers above the keyboard, I notice a shakiness in my fingers. Im beginning to feel slightly worried that I might be dealing with something a lot more serious than a vitamin deficiency, like a neurological disorder. Any insight or ideas would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance", "title": "I have been dealing with a shaking sensation when my muscles are under stress/load?"}
{"text": "About a year ago I started getting dry, itchy patches on my face. Over the next few months I changed all the products I used to ensure it wasn\u2019t a reaction to anything with no luck. I then went to the doctor who thought it might be rosacea so prescribed me a course of oxytetracycline, which unfortunately did not lessen the symptoms. It is very red and flaky, and is starting to spread to other parts of my face. Does anyone know what it could be and any ways to treat it", "title": "Dry, itchy patches on my face, need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a 35 yr old female. I have had 4 back surgeries first was a laminectomy of l4-5 in 2000, then an artificial disc replacement at same level in 2005. They left the artificial disc in and did a fusion of l4-s1 in 2013, which had to be revised the next day due to 2 of the screws at the l4-5 level being too big. Recently I\u2019ve been having a lot of pain, especially when I bend forward and try to straighten up. So I had an xray and mri done. The xray shows anterolisthesis of l4-l5 of 4.8 mm which increases to 5.3 with extension. My pain doctor referred me to a surgeon, a different one than the one who did the fusion, I did not want to go back to him. He says this type of movement is abnormal. I went back a nd looked at previous xrays, a nd a month after the fusion it shows 3 mm of anterolisthesis with flexion. Why would this have been doing this after the fusion? I noticed it has increased in mm with time. Can anyone give me their opinion on what is going on", "title": "I have had 4 back surgeries I\u2019ve been having a lot of pain, especially when I bend forward?"}
{"text": "Hello. I\u2019m a 24 year old female.\nAbout 7 or 8 years ago I was diagnosed with a 0.5 cm large brain lesion on my left temporal. The doctor said it was caused by an injury and concluded that through the CT and an MRI. At the time my only symptom were constant headaches. A neurosurgeon confirmed I should not worry and should not spend a lot of time in front of the computer (at the time I barely did it) and to not stress out.\nI\u2019m an anxiety and stress prone person that has an online job, bound to her computer today.\nToday, I still have those headaches, though they appear once a month and usually last for about a week. Right now, my headache has turned into a kind of uncomfortable pressure on the top of my head. At first it wasn\u2019t painful, just annoying, but now it\u2019s a little achy. The headache actually began as a jabbing at the back of my head, then pressure at that spot and then it settled on the top of the head.\nI\u2019m very concerned. I don\u2019t have any other symptoms (like nausea, vomiting, seizures, vision problems \u2013 I checked my eyesight and my vision field last December, turned out fine). Thank you", "title": "I was diagnosed with a 0.5 cm large brain lesion on my left temporal, I have headache?"}
{"text": "I just have a question..I lost a loved one who was shot in the head twice  when the police got to him they said that his foot was still on the break and the police were able to put the car in park. He was \u201ccoherent\u201d when they found him, but said he was unable to speak. They did a Cat scan and it showed no activity at all. He was transported to another hospital and also they did a cat scan where also it showed no brain activity at all. They said he was brain dead but his organs were still working  I am so confused on the part where they said he was coherent and also on the part where they said his organs were still working but his is brain dead and they declared him dead although his heart was pumping and lungs were working. I am not doubting the Dr\u2019s I am just having a hard time understanding how someone is called\u2026brain death. ? They did unplug him off of machine and he only had 1% oxygen so they hurried and connected him back to machine. We had to make a decision to take him off\u2026:( bc they said that his body would have shut down on it\u2019s own. That the only thing keeping him stable was meds and the vent. Thank you for taking the time to read this and hopefully able to give me some info to make me understand better", "title": "I lost a loved one who was shot in the head twice, brain dead but organs working?"}
{"text": "Male 65 .. I have a cerbaseous cyst on my back that has developed an infection \u2026 Swollen, red, warm, extremely painful to the touch. Can\u2019t get into the Dr for a week. He will not give me any advice over the phone other than warm compress. I saw online Fluconazola would be an antibiotic to treat the infection. I have sealed packs of Fluconazola exp date 12/2018 but cannot find a dosage amount. I used the Fluconazola before without any complication for skin tinnea(SP?) and had these on hand for future possible flare ups. What would be a proper dosage to start eliminating the infection", "title": "I have a cerbaseous cyst on my back that has developed an infection?"}
{"text": "Q:  Hi my name is (\u2026) i am 21, I had a horseback riding accident last week, and fell on my back, i do not remember how or where exactly i fell. The pain is located in the lower back. It was not bad at first but has grown stronger over the past few days, I have tried resting it but that has not helped either. Now the pain has been spreading down the back of my right thigh. It has been hurting when I stand, bend over, drive the car, carry my school bag, and anytime i lift my legs, or sneeze, I have trouble getting out of bed and walking . I would like to avoid getting xrays if possible since I had a similar accident 4 moths ago and sprained my lower back (or at least thats whats written on the doctors report) the pain then was much different from now. Can you please help me.\nThank you.Medications: levothyroxine\u2013 after complete thyroidectomy in Februar", "title": "I had a horseback riding accident and fell on my back pain is spreading?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026), I\u2019m a 24 y/o female from Toronto, Ontario, CAI\u2019ve been diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder back in 2015 after being Sexually Assaulted in 2012. At first, I\u2019ve took Effexor XR in the morning and clonazepram in the evening back in Aug of 2015 till Jan of 2016. I didn\u2019t experience any results, so my doctor took me off that and made me take Lexapro for 6-8 weeks. I felt like my serotonin levels were beginning to become stabilized, and my mood was fine. When I took it again in the Spring of 2016, I didn\u2019t experience the same results as I did before, so I got off it around Nov-Dec of 2016.Since Mid-Dec, I\u2019ve been currently taking Paroxetine (10mg for the first week, and 20mg for remainder of), and I\u2019m having the WORST experience of my life. Since completing Paroxetine this month, I\u2019ve had daily thoughts about suicide, negative thoughts about my daily life, daily anxiety attacks, not being able to cope, Nausea, Vomiting, Diarrhea, Insomnia, Staying Asleep, Headaches, Very Stiff/Rigid Muscles, Bone Pain, Sweating, Fainting, Dizziness, Daily Confusion, Fast Heart Rate (sometimes, it would come out of no where, like my anxiety attacks), Loss of Appetite. Mood wise, I\u2019ve been Irritable, Agitated, Impulsive, Aggressive, Depressed, and Hostile.I don\u2019t know what to do or who to go to. I\u2019ve never experienced anything that bad in my life. I don\u2019t think this is what someone with anxiety should go through, and I strongly don\u2019t think these are side effects. I don\u2019t think my doctor understands how bad my anxiety was before I got to this medication, and she obviously may not get it now. After all, she\u2019s a travel doctor. I need all the help that I can get. Please help me", "title": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder,  Nausea, Vomiting, Diarrhea, Insomnia, Staying Asleep, Headaches, Very Stiff/Rigid Muscles"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m not asking for myself actually.  Recently my cousin is in hospital and doctors can not do anything.  He has severe anemia.  As I know the platelet number was 50.000 when it should be somehow 200.000-400.000. Firstly he had fever for several days and after they took him to hospital it reduced and he was very well for one day.  But after that day his situation worsened and he became somehow numb. He didn\u2019t recognise anything but had irritability.  Now somehow his memory restored (like he has reflection when you call his name) but he is half unconscious.  Now he is in reanimation and doctors can not diagnose certain thing. They say he has liver and spleen dysfunction and he needs blood. That\u2019s all. The other things i think you should know is he\u2019s been to Africa at the end of December. And had fever one time there which has passed easily after antibiotic intake. Also he used drug called Lyrica regularly which i think you should know.  I will be really thankful if you can help someho", "title": "My cousin has severe anemia, fever- doctors can\u2019t do anything for him?"}
{"text": "Im having this spot in the right size of my face. can it be dangerous. what kind of mole can this be? im 39 male\nthx in advanc", "title": "I have a spot on my face, can it be dangerous?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) i am 49 years old. I have had 5 surgeries to remove mesh from my female area 2 of those were reconstruction surgeries. I have had my hack checked nothing is wrong with it. I am in constant pain. I try to work but my wrist knees back gut elbow and ankles hurt constantly. I have headaches. I also have a hard time functioning because being in pain all the timw is depressing.i don\u2019t sleep much. My dr has placed me on a pain pill levothroxin osphena. I also take zoloft. But to be honest between the pain no sleep i am so tired all the time and i just want to cr", "title": "I have had 5 surgeries I am in constant pain."}
{"text": "I am a very healthy 22 years old Female.\nI just have a question I was unknowingly scratching a tiny mole that I have and noticed a tiny crust growing on it (maybe from scratching?)Should I be worried", "title": "I have a tiny mole, is this cancer?"}
{"text": "Hi , I am (\u2026) from china , my Girlfriend has been bit by very small insect look like mosquito in a park , after two hours she begin scratch but it is not so bad as it is at night until morning its worse , it has swollen , itchy very reddish , she went to a clinic doctor inject a epinephrine , and three other injections. it was ok and comfortable till 4 to 5 hours then again she wants to scratch she injected second day then doctor said now just take pills and it will be fine , but it could not even no after a month its still like this in between some days it was just ok she thinks it almost recovered but no after a month gradually it is worse and worse now this is her second day to inject but she still want to scratch , My question is what we should do ? why it is not recovering , we used different pills and cream but for some time till that cream is there no itchy but later on it again itchy", "title": "Small Insect bite, itching resistant to epinephrine injection, pills and creams, getting worse?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a female age 23. My name is (\u2026), I am currently taking no medications but I do have a Nexplanon birth control implant in my left arm. I have been feeling very ill lately, and it usually gets worse if I eat. I do feel hungry, but can only eat a few bites and then I feel sick. Recently its been getting worse, I\u2019m hardly eating anything and when I do I feel nauseous but I also started feeling a burning pain in my lower back, shoulders, neck and even in my jaw. Its almost like a tightness, but its hot and hurts. It was really bad today to the point I almost passed out. The pain usually lasts 15-30min and then goes away and then I just feel nauseous.", "title": "I\u2019m hardly eating anything and when I do I feel nauseous?"}
{"text": "Hello, good afternoon (\u2026) female, 19 years old, I have an acute dextroscoliosis. I\u2019m suffering pain in my upper back and chest whenever I skip to eat my meals on the right time. Does having dextroscoliosis is connected to the pains I\u2019m suffering ? Is there anything I can do to stop the pain", "title": "I have an acute dextroscoliosis, I feel pain when I skip meals?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 68 female.  Having trouble with blood and iron levels.  Had to have 2 transfusions and 3 infusions.  Was going up but now back down again.  Last several days I\u2019m getting a large red mark on my chin and half moons on my fingernails.  What should be the next step   My doctor in a local GP", "title": "Having trouble with blood and iron levels.  Had to have 2 transfusions and 3 infusions?"}
{"text": "i am currently having dull pains worse when swallowing but it\u2019s lower down and not in my throat. It is not on my left aside. I was having some heart problems before for 4-5 years, but they come and go. Currently they have gone. I am even climbing to the 2nd and 3rd floor without a problem. When I have it -has been few months at a time- I feel too tired to walk much, and exertion makes me unwell. In those periods I have severe chest pains which come only from exertion, with details as attached. They are unbearable but only last 1-5 minutes.Once it improves I feel like all is well.    Currently I am not having them. I have attached 1 picture of my answers to the webmd website symptom checker, which is for the earlier problem , and 1 word file also from the  webmd website symptom checker about my difficulty swallowing.  I am a female, 58, around 62 Kg and 5\u20193\u2033What do you think?AREA>STERNUM>21 POSSIBLE SYMPTOMSBLEEDING\nNO\nBROKEN BONE NO\nDISCOLORATION NO\nCOUGH NO\nDIFFICULTY SWALLOWING YES 1\nDRAINAGE PUS NO\nFOOD GETTING STUCK(SWALLOWING) YES 2\nHEARTBURN NO\nIRREGULAR HEARTBEAT YES 3\nLUMP BULGE NO\nBRUISES OF DIFFERENT AGES NO\n1\nNUMBNESS TINGLING NO\nPAIN DISCOMFORT YES 4\n1 DIFFICULTY SWALLOWING ALONG WITH\nLONG TERM USE TOBACCO ALCOHOL NO\nNONE OFTHE ABOVE YES\nALONG WITH\nSWALLOWING IRRITATING CHEMICALS OR POISONING NO\nNONE OF THE ABOVE YES\n2 FOOD GETTING STUCK ALONG WITH\nSWALLOWING IRRITATING CHEMICALS OR POISONING NO\nNONE OF THE ABOVE YES\n3. IRREGULAR HEARTBEAT\n4 PAIN DISCOMFORT\nRADIATES TO LEFT ARM JAW NO\nNONE OF THE ABOVE YES\nTHE PAIN IS SHARP STABBING NO\nDULL ACHY YES\nBURNING STINGING NO\nPRESSURE HEAVINESS NO\nTEARING NO\nPAIN HOW SEVERE MILD YES\n2\nMODERATE NO\nSEVERE NO\nDON;T KNOW NO\nPAIN ON WHICH SIDE LEFT NO\nNONE OF THE ABOVE YES\nPAIN MADE WORSE BY\nBENDING OVER NO\nEATING BEFORE BED NO\nLYING DOWN NO\nSWALLOWING IRRITATING CHEMICALS OR POISONING NO\nCAFFEINE ALCOHOL USE NO\nEATING DRINKING YES\nPHYSICAL ACTIVITY NO\nDEEP BREATH NO\nCERTAIN FOODS NO\nPRESSING DOWN ON CHEST NO\nNONE OF THE ABOVE NO\nPAIN BETTER WITH ANTACIDS NO\nNONE OF THE ABOVE YES\nRECENT INJURY TRAUMA NO\nNONE OF THE ABOVE YES\n3\nPAIN DISCOMFORT ONSET\nSUDDEN YES\nGRADUAL YES\nDON\u2019T KNOW YES", "title": "I had pains when swallowing, tired when exerting with unbearable pain. On and off?"}
{"text": "hi my friend told me just now that she took 65 5mg of nitrazam about 25 hours ago she went to sleep and woke up a hour ago she realizes that she made a mistake and doesn\u2019t want to die but is afraid of going to hospital because of the high chance of being sectioned that she would not cope with i believe her when she said that she made a mistake as i know her well and 100% trust her she has told me that she feels drowsy and dizzy but apart from that she feels fine and believes that she will be ok she is 38 years old and on morphine that is in a form of a sticker on her arm for pain relief as her ex partner tried to strangle her and done permanent damage im not sure what other medication she is on but know that she hasn\u2019t taken anything else in the last 25 hours she made me promise her that i would not call ambulance as she is terrified of being sectioned and she has managed to stay out of hospital for over 3 years i am obviously really concerned about her physical health but hoping its a good sign that she woke up and was not slurring her words down the phone is she out of the woods or do i need to phone her a ambulance thank", "title": "Took 65 5mg of nitrazam about 25 hours ago, afraid of going to hospital?"}
{"text": "my son is 5 years old. He is suffering from severe abdominal pain for about 3 years along with nausea, vomiting, loose motion, accompanied by constipation. He resists urination to avoid pain. According to local doctors there is viral infection because of excessive retention. There is no cure yet so far, we can send you the reports", "title": "My son is 5 years old nausea, vomiting, loose motion, accompanied by constipation?"}
{"text": "Have severe lower backpain left and right side, been for xray, loss of lordosis, went for physiotherapy and to chiropractor still no relief,  did mri no findings, went to orthopedic surgeon, said there is no issue with spine, referred to gaestro physician,  did endoscope, colonoscopy, ultrasound of abdomen, blood test and urine tests still nothing, what more can I do to find cause? Feeling sick all the time, no appetite,  losing weight,  frequent urination, inconsistent bowel movements", "title": "Have severe lower backpain left and right side, no solution from doctors?"}
{"text": "59 yr male, had my first ever sinus infection, doc on vacation, nurse prescribed 10 days of Cefdinir on Aug 2nd 2016. Never had a drug reaction but had to stop this on day 5,nausea and diarrhea bad. Was then given Amoxicillin which I\u2019ve taken for 30 years and fixed the sinus problem. As the effects warning says 2 months later Oct 15th comes back. Since then I\u2019ve had nothing but  bananas,rice,oatmeal,soup,water and powerade drink.Taken kefir,bottle of 50 billion colon care.Went to ER Dec 10th, blood work and stool sample for C-Diff, test was Negative.ER doc says 30 days of fiber and florostor will clear it up.4 Days later on Dec 14th Gastor calls, I tell the nurse I just had the c-diff test,she talks to gastro doc and tells me the only thing they can do is give me colonoscopy and if my colon is inflamed nothing they can do, will just make it worse, if not inflamed give me a prescription.Since Dec 10th have taken over 90 Florostor and am now taking Digestive Advantage with it, also taken a package of Culturelle. Since the effects of this drug came back Oct 15th I\u2019ve lost almost 30 lbs, haven\u2019t had anything to eat or drink for 3 months except as stated above.Got the flu 15 years ago, never a drug reaction, have a BM withing 30mins every morning for 40 years, never had constipation or diarrhea till this drug.How do I get this horrible drug out of me.When checking this drug Omnicef comes up, was the active ingredient and did the same then as now, Just have brown water, no stool. Others have stated after endless test which found nothing, their doctors told them to just keep taking probiotics and it would eventually go away. Any ideas how to stop this, can\u2019t work, my life is being destroyed by an antibiotic, Thanks,(\u2026", "title": "Nurse prescribed 10 days of Cefdinir, had terrible drug reaction, how can I stop this?"}
{"text": "I had a gallbladder removed Jan 12. Sent home. Keep getting sicker. Ended back in Hosp.  Still here.  Have a small tear leaking. They been giving me tons of antibiotics. They were gonna send me to a diff Hosp to fix it. But now cause my blood works better want to send me home.   Can the bile leak heal on its own.  My feeling is all the antibiotics have my blood levels good.   I want the leak fixed. I\u2019m sick and in pain.    But can that leak heal itsel", "title": "I had a gallbladder removed  I have a small tear leaking?"}
{"text": "I am 28yr old. We lost our only daughter 1 year ago, she was our only hope and purpose of living, and our life. She was only 5.11yr old. She had viral fever, after few medical tests, medicines and treatment it became normal and suddenly at night she passed away within few seconds. We couldn\u2019t do anything. Since then we lost our hope and belief on every thing and everyone. Few months ago we expected the same baby but it got abortion with no reason. Then had surgery for cleaning and complete abortion. Since then we completely lost trust and hope on life. Since then I feel weak in my palm and feet, I feel swelling and difficult to close fist and pain. I feel difficulty in breathing, I can\u2019t breathe like before. Sometimes at night I feel so hard to breathe like going to die. I have severe upper back pain, head ache. And memory loss. Sometimes can\u2019t remember about the breakfast which I ate. Can\u2019t do any work. Digestion problem. Lot of confusion. No trust on anyone. Sometimes I feel like slight shock in chest and can\u2019t breathe or move for sometime, it\u2019ll be painful. I feel my entire body weak. What do I do", "title": "We lost our only daughter 1 year ago, I have severe upper back pain, head ache,memory loss and difficultly breathing?"}
{"text": "33, female. Spinal cord injury fusion to L3. Right Talus fracture surgery, slight nerve damages to right leg. Over counter pain medication, not allergic to anything. Able to wear high heels, not able to walk in high heels. 3years this May31, 2017 injuries. Open to suggestions with surgery to be able to walk in high heels again", "title": "Looking for surgery to be able to walk in high heels again?"}
{"text": "In October of 2015, I developed pneumonia. After that, I developed a intermittent wheeze.  Since then, I have had pneumonia two more times.  I have  a history of smoking, I am a 32 year old male, and I have no pain or discomfort.  I only have wheezing (more of a rattling) that only occurs a few times a week, no shortness of breath, no pain or tightness in the chest, and white to yellow mucous that is produced when I do cough, which usually occurs only when I wheeze.  Albuterol inhalers seem to work, but the doctors don\u2019t seem tow know what is wrong.  I have had pneumonia 3 times. I take Lunesta, Prazosin, Celexa, and Welbutrin", "title": "I developed pneumonia, wheezing, doctors don\u2019t know what is wrong?"}
{"text": "I have had a funny taste in my mouth the past week, and upon looking in the back of my throat there is discoloration from the typical pink color of my gums. Now there are patches of whitish marks and a couple of dark red blemishes, including one with a kind of white spot on it.\nI have no other symptoms (no coughing, no itches, aches or pains anywhere, no blood, no fever, and no sensation of lumps, including when swallowing), just the visible marks and the metallic taste.\nI used to occasionally socially smoke 10 years ago but stopped years ago, and I only drink on the weekend (once a week on average).\nI went to the doctor today and she said she couldn\u2019t see anything, but I can see white patches, and a big red patch with a white spot on it, and there is a constant metallic taste in my mouth.(I am 31, had my tonsils our as a kid, I am not on any medication, and I have no allergies", "title": "I can see white patches and a big red patch with a white spot on it in my mouth?"}
{"text": "Im an 18 year old woman. I started having migraines for 7 months now with all of its symptoms . I was taking sanmigran . 3 months now i had a mild urinary tract infection and we found out that I have kidney stones. Now i have no kidney stones and no infection. But I still get migraine so I had an MRI done. nothing was found. that was 6 months ago. Now i experience sever back and limb pain that comes a goes. confusion inability to focus joint pain and insomnia. sometimes i get limb jerks and unsteady walking and incontinence and vision issues even though my eyes are healthy. I also get mood swings and my urine is abnormal and smells weird. I went to a doctor 4 days ago and got diagnosed with epilepsy. I\u2019m not sure with this diagnosis. I got prescripted Tegretol and Sanmigran again", "title": "I was diagnosed with epilepsy, I\u2019m not sure of this diagnosis?"}
{"text": "About 5 weeks ago my 40 lb son fell on my left foot. It hurt minimally and after a few days it was only slightly swollen on the place he landed and almost no bruising. The pain level was that of a deep bruise. After a few weeks I flew out of state for a family funeral. At night when I would take off my shoes, my foot had a deep ache, but I could still stand, walk and there was still little outward sign of damage. On the way home my foot began to hurt significantly and I started to get a small patch at the tip of my toe that felt tingly. It hurt to walk on the full part of my foot, but I could walk on my heel. At this point some light yellowish bruises had shown up along the inside of my left food, on the big toe on the bottom and along the front and back of the toes. The swelling increased. I had an x-ray done and it showed no broken bones. I could still walk on the heel but could not put weight on the entire foot. I decided to just try to stay off of it as much as possible and got some crutches. I elevated and iced and did some heat and soaking with epsom salts. Then I slipped three times slightly in one day and engaged the muscles on the foot abruptly. This didn\u2019t cause immense pain but it swelled and the tingling spread. When the foot hangs down it looks dark in color, kind of a red-ish purple but it goes away sometimes and especially when elevated. The tingling goes away if I don\u2019t move the foot but if I slip at all the yellow bruising returns and so does the tingling. I am assuming my next step is an MRI but my question is if there is any danger to trying a boot first? The MRI will not be covered by insurance and I am happy to continue to elevate and rest it if this is enough. It seems like every time it gets slightly better even the slightest movement is sending me backwards so I was thinking the boot would help. However, I don\u2019t want to make the situation worse", "title": "About 5 weeks ago my 40 lb son fell on my left foot, I had an x-ray done and it showed no broken bones?"}
{"text": "i have very severe abdominal pain right side from top (under ribcage) to bottom ,more front than back ,  i cannot lay on right side ,back or stomach , this causes severe squashing pain also pain by breathing , cannot take a large breath , can only take short breaths.i have had this since sunday (4,5 days) , cannot stand properly , slighty bent with severe cramping pain.Haven\u00b4t eaten much for days , it seems what goes in isn\u00b4t coming out.  very severe pain when i  cough , sneeze and i can\u00b4t yawn properly , before i get to full yawn(breathing in taking full breath) , pain grows severe and yawning process seems to shut dow", "title": "I have very severe abdominal pain right side from top (under rib cage) to bottom?"}
{"text": "Hi i am a 18 yr old female, I have anemia! I was diagnosed with pneumonia on the 2/1/17 after having a cough and other symptoms for over 9weeks, the pneumonia is in my left lung, when I went to the hospital I had pain in my back and chest, the pain has now moved to my shoulder and ribs on left side, is this normal? The pain it really sharp and painful I have also started coughing again this had stopped for about five days and now it\u2019s returned, is that normal? I finish my medication on Monday", "title": "I have anemia! I was diagnosed with pneumonia, pain has now moved to my shoulder and ribs is it normal?"}
{"text": "30 years old female. 140lbs. No health issues known. MRI/CT scan normal, blood work normal, blood sugar normal, EKG/ECHO/HOLTER normal, ENT did not find any issues, allergies \u2013 zero allergies, no vitamin deficit issues.I\u2019ve had this off balance/unsteady feeling in my head for months now. Noticed more when looking down at my computer, looking down in the sink to wash dishes, looking down to shave my legs as I sit on the side of the tub, looking down to cook. Standing still, and looking in the mirror. When I am slightly bent to the sink to look at my eyes in the mirror I feel this feeling.Doctors are clueless and I am TIRED of feeling like crap! Scared to work out and live my life. I just want to be normal again.I dont drink or do drugs, former smoker \u2013 quit two months ago", "title": "I\u2019ve had this off balance/unsteady feeling in my head, doctors are clueless?"}
{"text": "29, female, no medication, 19 weeks pregnant with an incarcerated uterus, doctors don\u2019t know what to do with me. I can\u2019t find a doctor in New Mexico who has experience with uterine incarceration", "title": "I\u2019m pregnant with an incarcerated uterus, doctors don\u2019t know what to do with me?"}
{"text": "I am a 42 yr old female..this is my second clot in left leg and one in growing..I have one n my left thigh as we speak..the pain is crazy..I am under doctors care but I feel like I need a second opinion..the doctor that I was seeing when I got my first clot passed away..wish he was here..this is stopping me from working and my employer saying that they can\u2019t hold my job..been out since 11/30/2106..what do I do? I am steering myself out about my health and job..a cry for hel", "title": "I am under doctors care but I feel like I need a second opinion?"}
{"text": "i just need some advice. I had a bad fall last friday (5 days ago) where i hit my knee badly on concrete \u2013 my leg was very bruised the next day and its been painful since. I didnt go to see a doctor as i assumed it hurt just because I\u2019d badly bruised it (didnt want to waste doctors time if it was just bruised)\nLike i said i had the fall almost a week ago now, the bruising is starting to go down but the pain is about the same (sometimes worse) im abit concerned that I may have done more damage to my knee than just bruise it (i did land very hard on my knee) any advice would be greatly appriciated \u2013 should i just wait til the bruising goes and hope the pain goes too", "title": "I had a bad fall, pain is still the same?"}
{"text": "Idiopathic intracranial hypertension?\nI have had IIH in 2014 been on meds, number of lumber punctures and surgery but have not been successful. Again same in 2015 and 2016. I get severe headaches, eye swelling, affects my left side more. I lose vision at times, total black out, weakness in legs and dizziness. Drs do not know what is causing this and why it comes, unsure of what is actually going on. These problems are continuous all day everyday for more then 8 week", "title": "I have had Idiopathic intracranial hypertension, now lose vision, doctors don\u2019t know why?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor, earlier last week my grandfather passed away. It was unfortunate and even weird\u2026 the doctors had told us that he was suffering from ARDS. We were not convinced, especially after there was an episode of him falling and choking due to some food that got in his lungs. My grandfather was admitted to the hospital on December 15, 2016 and passed away on January 2, 2017. He had a stroke the day he was admitted, leading to the doctors figuring out that he had bleeding in the brain. His blood pressure was high and he was complaining about headaches. About 5-6 days later, his brain was starting to heal and his blood pressure had gotten better. He was doing way better. The only problem was that he was not eating properly. The doctors said that he was given a swallowing test and passed, they even gave him nausea medicine answered laxative, he was still not eating. Just 7 days after he was admitted, (a day or two after he was showing signs of recovery) he apparently choked on food and flat lined. The nurse found him on the floor, they don\u2019t know how long\u2026 the doctors worked on him for 10 minutes and finally got a pulse back, reviving him. The doctors were not sure if he had a heart attack or a seizure and diagnosed him with Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome. Note: my grandfather was a diabetic and had a few strokes beforehand (like months- to years ago). I need to know your thoughts and what you think he was really diagnosed with, I just can\u2019t wrap my mind around the fact that they found him on the floor choking with an amount of minutes they didn\u2019t even know", "title": "My grandfather passed away at hospital, choked on food?"}
{"text": "I have pernicious anaemia and require regular B12 injections.I have a new doctor whom I trust.  However, when the time comes for my B12 injection, I wonder if he is doing it right because all the other doctors who have injected me with B12 have inflicted me with some level of pain (which I don\u2019t mind as I am used to it and I know to expect it from the B12s).  This doctor however inflicts no pain at all and the injection is done very quickly (I always have injections in upper arm) and I can\u2019t help wondering if he is doing it right (He does not hold the needle perpendicular to the skin but slanted too).  I have not dared raising the question with him though I have mentioned how painless his injections are.  Should I be more open and discuss this with him or is he possibly aware of a way of injecting this B12 which most other doctors don\u2019t know about", "title": "I have pernicious anaemia and require regular B12 injections, not sure my doctor is doing it right?"}
{"text": "22 y/o female. No past pregnancies. My whole life i have been hindered by extreme abdominal pain, bowel movement pain and extremely painful periods. A few months ago i was told during an ultrasound my uterus is retroverted and retroflexed, and that my uterus and both ovaries are more to the left side. I have done research and have connected with other who have the same symptoms and conditions. I spoke with my doctor today to see if i could get a referral to an arvigo therapist ( they correct the position of uterus with massage) and he told me no! He said that its impissible for my uterus to be causing any issues and refused to refer me. I have seen other doctors and had other tests done and theyve found no other cause. Does it make sense for my doc to refuse this even though i  know what symptoms im having and believei know the cause ( what else could it be?", "title": "My uterus is retroverted and retroflexed, my doctor doesn\u2019t want to refer me to a specialist?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m (\u2026), age 61 (female).  Recently I\u2019ve under a lot of stress at work with a lot going on and challenges I don\u2019t seem to be able to fix. However, health wise, I see a doctor regularly and take medications to control my stress and BP but seemingly only to a point. Lately I\u2019ve started to worry. \u2026.. about 8-9 months or so I\u2019ve had trouble climbing my 16 step stairs at home and even just coming into work, walking up hill (slightly) from my car to my office, I am now really out of breath. So much so that I have to stop and rest, then move on.  Numerous times I\u2019ve even felt like I had a serious head ache with the breathlessness. I have never had this before I started taking my last medication for depression and I fear its getting worse.Where do I go from here?  Last cardio exam, I was just fine and passed every time I\u2019ve had the exams/tests.  Now I\u2019m worried its possibly something wrong with my lungs or worse, the combination of meds perhaps making me even more ill.  My immune system has never been good, but I\u2019ve always had lots of energy. Nothing slowed me down. I\u2019m not sure if its my heart, my lungs, or my meds.  I\u2019m 5\u20196\u2033 tall, 215 lbs.  Always active until this past year or so and I\u2019m starting to feel my age and worried about just everything", "title": "I\u2019ve had trouble climbing my 16 step stairs at home doctor checkups ok?"}
{"text": "Had surgery on my tail bone first the doctor stitched it and it blew open then my wife packed it to heal from the inside out but it won\u2019t heal all the way and did surgery October 31 what can be done doctor looked at it 2 weeks ago and said was good but it\u2019s not", "title": "Had surgery on my tail bone won\u2019t heel, doctor said was good but it\u2019s not?"}
{"text": "I have a problem which seems like my lips is unable to moisturize itself. It simply just drys up. either crack or get \u201chard\u201d and then peel. The dried up skin. It seems to be white, worst on my bottom lip, on the middle bottom of my upper lip and also draw a white line on my upper lip when contacted with water.\nAnd inside mouth also forms  some little thick saliva.\nI also drank water constantly throughout the day.\nSo i meet the doctor and he ask me to do hbs, rvs and mp test. after i did all, every was negative and the doctor gave me some little drugs, i drank all without success.\nbut the first time i did the mp test before when i started having this symptom, it was positive, but now negative and the lip problem still remained the same.This problem has been persisting for the past 4 months.\nI\u2019m 23 of age", "title": "My lips are unable to moisturize themselves, hbs, rvs and mp test, what next?"}
{"text": "Age 43 female I have adult polycyclic kidney disease diagnosed when I was 27. Been taking antihypertensives since. Had dull ache in lower abdomen past 3-4 weeks, also has progressed to stitch like pain in both sides, although this seems to move around. Tummy feels inflamed and I feel bloated, reduced appetite. Feel tired. Urine tested no blood present. Saw go last week who gave me co codomol, when the pain became acute all of a sudden, have stopped taking now\u2026. I suppose I just want to know if this is what I can expect from having apkd or if it\u2019s a stomach thing\u2026.", "title": "I have adult polycyclic kidney disease, ache in lower abdomen, is it normal?"}
{"text": "I was seeing a pain management dr and she was prescribing me percocet. I told the dr I wasn\u2019t taking it bc I was extremely ill and taking dayquil/nyquil, zpak and my inhaler occasionally. They discharged me bc they said I should have came up positive for amphetamine. I argued with with them for 30 minutes saying amphetamine and acetaminophen are 2 completely different thing but she kept arguing with me that they were the same. I think i know the difference between the 2 bc i work in the health care field. So does this mean I was wrongfully discharged", "title": "I came up positive for amphetamine, was I wrongfully discharged?"}
{"text": "Hi doctors\nMy names (\u2026)  27 y old  intern doctor in TMC Libya\nIn about 2 months ago I had RTA and broke my right homers > right clavicle and 3 ribs\nMy doctor did  intermediary Nell\u2019s  you can see it in the  x ray picture\nAnd now 68 day post op and no improvement and the fracture  still moving\nWhat\u2019s your opinion  ? whats should I do ?\nThank you", "title": "I had RTA and broke my right homers, after Nell\u2019s fracture still moving?"}
{"text": "If a grade three pectoral major rupture is left untreated for eight months, is that what has caused 4 cm of retraction in the tendon?\nif so is that classed as medical negligence? thank", "title": "If a grade three pectoral major rupture is left untreated is that classed as medical negligence?"}
{"text": "Hello I am 33 years old female I broke my leg about eight years ago and now for the last month it has been hurting real bad I have three screws and a rod in that leg from when I broke it my ankle just throbs all the time and goes numb of my leg occasionally if I\u2019m on it too lon", "title": "I have three screws and a rod in my leg, hurts really bad?"}
{"text": "Female age 24. Not sure what matters and what doesn\u2019t so im listing everything that is abnormal. Some symptoms I\u2019ve had for a long time such as fatigue, weakness, night sweats, random itchiness especially when I go to sleep, I\u2019ve gotten small circle red scaly looking patches on my arms and legs usually just one at a time every few months. I have silent reflux. And also I don\u2019t know if this is anything but maybe like a year ago my right tonsil started getting swollen randomly at times and has continued to. Now it\u2019s just always larger than the left and sometimes gets a little bigger with some discomfort.\nRecently. In July I went to hospital for lower abdominal pain and bloody stool. They did a ct scan and found I had colitis. Did a colonoscopy but the infection had already cleared up and they didn\u2019t find anything else. Was extremely nauseous for a couple months after that.\nAlong with that ct scan that also found a 2cm nodule on my left adrenal gland. Primary doctor ran some hormone bloodwork. Only dhea s came back high and he thinks it\u2019s from pcos but nothing further was done.\nFast forward to november. Started getting right abdominal and back pain. In December had an ultrasound then an mri done and they found gallstones. Also had bloodwork done and had a white count of 18 and had high liver numbers. I had my gallbladder laparoscopicly removed on December 30th.\nAlong with that I\u2019ve had a low grade fever almost every night for about a month. Temp starts going up around midnight and comes back down about 5am. My normal temp is between high 97 and low 98. My temp at night goes up to 99.4 so far. My concern pretty much is each time something was wrong I did prior research and ended up being right. My research with this has led me to lymphoma and lupus and I just don\u2019t know if that\u2019s a possibility or what to do", "title": "I think I may have lymphoma or lupus, what to do next?"}
{"text": "I am a 30 year old male currently taking no prescriptions I have a white pus coming out of the tip of my penis with a slight sensation when I pe", "title": "I have a white pus coming out of the tip of my penis?"}
{"text": "Sometime in late September to early October of 2016, my father (56 year-old caucasian male; was 202 lbs in October, is currently 193 lbs) noticed a bump on his face directly in front of his ear that was hard and painful when touched. He told his ENT and he ordered a CAT scan and a biopsy. By the time we got the results of the tests several more bumps had appeared in the same area along with a larger lump on the same side of his neck. The results indicated cancer in his parotid gland and surrounding lymph nodes. In mid December, a surgeon removed the parotid gland and 23 lymph nodes from his neck and the side of his face (sacrificing a large branch of the facial nerve in the process). After coming home a little bit less than a week after the surgery, my father found that he was becoming more and more tired and out of breath even when exerting very little energy. This past Saturday, we took him to the emergency room because our family doctor was worried that he might have a blood clot. Instead, they found that his bilirubin was building up in his system (also causing his stool to be yellowish) and his liver enzymes were (and still are) rapidly increasing. He had a PET scan yesterday and the results came back earlier today. The scan revealed over 50 tumors in his liver and over 20 in his spleen. This is when we were told that he has stage 4 sarcomatoid carcinoma. The preferred treatments for this (I believe the nurse practitioner told us they were taxanes and a some form of chemotherapy that is very toxic to the liver and kidneys) are not options because the cancer is in his liver and because he has had two kidney transplants (a double transplant in 1992 and one kidney transplant in 2012). His current symptoms are shortness of breath, fatigue, yellow stool, and pain in the left upper quadrant. What I want to know is what our best options will be for treatment. I also want to know the survival rate for this form of cancer and how long he may have to live", "title": "Stage 4 sarcomatoid carcinoma, 50 tumors in liver, what are best options for treatment?"}
{"text": "I have root canal treated on 2015 but the pain never stopped\nNow it become even more painful that I can\u2019t handle it any more my face is swilling and the X-ray show there is over filling into my maxillo sinus cavity which infected\nWhat is the best thing I can do\nBecouse the doctor talked me that it is complicated because of my face anatomy\nAnd he told me that I am the worst case scenario\nIam young and that herts me more because I stay away from society because of my face swilling\nThe pain rate is 8 of 10\nWe\u2019re can I go\nAnd how I can trust doctors after that", "title": "I had root canal in 2015, still painful \u2013 how can I  trust doctors after that?"}
{"text": "Hi I am a 50 year old female with severe dry eye problem. My eyes are always red and often ache. I use lubricant eye drops (Day and night versions) and manuka honey drops too. The drops have really helped. I also had plugs inserted into the tear ducts which also helps.Now my eye doctor has suggested a more permanent solution \u2013 tear duct fusion. This will replace the need for plugs (they can fall out, get stuck etc.). However I can\u2019t find any information about the procedure.Can you please tell me how this works, possible side effects, recovery time?I\u2019m due to have the procedure in a few days but I have so many questions and my doctor is in the public system so I can\u2019t access her to ask", "title": "My doctor has recommended tear duct fusion, is it safe?"}
{"text": "23 , female\nLast year in July I fell pregnant in oct we found out it was a chemical pregnancy , in nov my dr diagnosed me with pcos she told me it was a rare case since I\u2019m not over weight or have any serious medical conditions , in dec she put me medroxy progesterone and clomid to help conceive I finished clomid on day 5-9 of my cycle which was jan 1-5 , she perscribed sex for us on day 12-18 of my cycle which is jan 8-14 , but the thing is lately I\u2019ve been having non stop hot flashes that last about and hour or two it\u2019s manageable throughout the day but at night it\u2019s the worst , I sleep with the windows open and the fans on and it\u2019s 45 degrees out side and I\u2019m constantly sweating like it\u2019s summer , it\u2019s very overwhelming , is it just from the meds and because I\u2019m ovulating or could it be something else", "title": "I fell pregnant found out it was a chemical pregnancy, now having non stop hot flashes?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 22, and I have PCOS and a retroverted uterus, and as a result of that, I don\u2019t often get my periods, if ever. My gynecologist put me on birth control to control the cysts and bring back my periods, and that worked, but it caused 2 pulmonary emboli to form. Now I can\u2019t take any type of hormonal birth control, and so my periods have gone away again. My question is, what is the likelihood that I won\u2019t ever be able to have children", "title": "I have PCOS and a retroverted uterus what is the likelihood of having a child?"}
{"text": "I am a 40 year old African American female I do not have any kids I have a lump in my right breast the nipple area has become dry and Flaky when I squeeze my breast a mucus colored discharge comes out as well as what appears to be white blackheads I am experiencing pain in the area where the breast and underarm meat I am also a diabetic I take metformin for that I have high blood pressure I take clonidine and and one more blood pressure pill I am also severely anemic I take my iron pills I also have a discharge coming from my left breast when squeezed is this cancer and if so what kin", "title": "I have a lump on breast with mucus colored discharge?"}
{"text": "My doctor prescribed me a single does of Azythromicin. I am horrified about the possible heart stopping side effect it can cause. Three years ago I had acute Myocarditis. This year I had a full check on my heart including ekg, bubble test, ultra sound, blood tests, etc and everything came back as normal. Is it safe for me to take a Z pack? I cant take Cipro or floroquinolones and Doxy isnt working for my current infection.Should I be worried?", "title": "I had acute Myocarditis taking Azythromicin worried about  heart stopping side effect"}
{"text": "Hello, I am a 27 year old female. Over a year ago I started experiencing fatigue, heart flutters, weight loss and a few other small symptoms that lead me to be concerned about my health. I was given a test for Addison\u2019s disease which came back twice as inconclusive and was told it must be stress. I then spent a year with a psychologist going weekly and attending coping skills courses. Some symptoms lessoned. I honestly lost faith in going to the doctor and hadn\u2019t been in over a year until I developed a UTI, which I have been treating with antibiotics for close to 3 months now. I just finished my 4th type yesterday and it is already showing symptoms again. I also found a small hard lump at the bottom of my right breast that causes me no pain and moves. I just received blood work back today that says I am now anemic. I have an appointment Wednesday and I would like to know what type of tests do I ask for. There is an underlying issue that is causing my weight loss, poor immune system and these issues and I feel that they are only treating the symptoms instead of taking me seriously and looking for a cause. Please help me I am lost and tired of this stuggle and I have no medical background to help me figure this out on my own", "title": "Over a year ago I started experiencing fatigue, heart flutters, weight loss?"}
{"text": "Age 18, Female, just had 8 teeth removed including 4 wisdom teeth. laughing gas and sedation to remove teeth. surgery was on thursday and it has been four days since. antibiotics, hydrocodone, and one other prescribed medication is being taken properly. swelling has increased everyday since surgery and bruised through her cheeks. pain is extremely high and nothing helpds. Face has been iced properly and no change. should she go to the ER or is there any other tips we can take to lesson the pain", "title": "Had 8 teeth removed swelling has increased everyday since surgery?"}
{"text": "My 15 year old daughter has Tricuspid valve regurgitation. We have been experiencing consistent nausea with no vomiting with an onset of a headache be the end of the day. Usually the nausea lasts for 3 to 4 days. We have had this happened once in October for a week, then twice in November. However it has gotten worse in December. She has had nausea now for 7 days, however now she gets excessive sweating, fatigue, occasional sore throat, achy chest pains, arm pain, or back pain, and loss of balance. On the 19th of December she experienced hand tremors, bad chest and arm pain, and fatigue. I took her to ER, and they performed an EKG and xray on her heart, everything was normal. She was further diagnosed in ER with Rhumatic fever. Since then we have been battling the above mentioned symptoms, however its daily and to the point where she is missing school. Her pediatrician gave her Zofran for nausea but it doesn\u2019t give any relief. Last time she went to dr. on January 3 she lost weight as well. Blood work as done to rule out thyroid problems and to check for inflammation from rhumatic fever. Blood work was normal. Her dr. feels the symptoms are due to migraine headaches. She does get headaches with the nausea but not every time. Can Migraines cause all these symptoms? Especially since they are now ongoing", "title": "My 15 year old daughter has Tricuspid valve regurgitation, nausea getting worse?"}
{"text": "I have been diagnosed with a sinus & inner ear infection & prescribed antibiotics. I went to the Doctor as I had a severe nose bleed, the blood was gushing out & pinching nose did not stop it for nearly an hour. He said the infection will have caused the nose bleed. Since then I have had five severe bleeds in two days, appear to be caused by movement, trying to lie down, brushing teeth. I have stayed upright in bed hardly moving & haven\u2019t had a bleed now for around 12 hours although I feel as if it may happen if I move in the wrong way. I am currently in Turkey, so had to cancel my flight home & am now due to fly in 5 days. I am really worried that the flight could cause another severe bleed, which may be difficult/ impossible to stop, particularly if my bleeding is coming from an artery further back the nose as the nose bleeds are so severe & difficult to stop I am wondering if this could be the case. Should I delay my flight for a longer period so I have had time to fully recover beforehand? I am feeling so terribly scared, I have never had a nose bleed before & the severity of these is frightening! My blood pressure & temperature are normal & I am normal weight, age 61 usually in good health. The doctor here has said if bleeding doesn\u2019t stop he will pack my nose or refer me for cauterization, but I really want to avoid this if possible, so am hoping by resting the bleeding may stop & nose heal naturally. Please help, I am so very scared. Thank yo", "title": "I have severe nose bleed, do I need cauterization?"}
{"text": "my mom has always had trouble with her bowel working right.nov22,16 she had surgery to remove a lymph node in stomach area for testing.it was a 1 hour surgery that took 31/2 hrs due to adhesion.dr said adhesion were so bad he had hard time find lymph node but finally did.she was in hospital 3 days home 2 days then readmitted due to a bowel blockage.they put tube down her nose to give her some relief.dr said she needed another surgery but he wont do it cuz he feels she wont make it it to tough for her.she is drinking prune juice,taking bowel softener everyday and then every other day she takes 4 exlax still no movement except a little very little watery brown stuff.her abdominal is so bloated and she has lots of pain.when we ask doctorhe says keep doing  what shes doing.but it not helping what else can we do? please she needs relief.she is 79 and has cancer of lymph node", "title": "Cancer of lymph nodes with bowel blockage, doctor says too dangerous to operate?"}
{"text": "I am a 26 years old female kite surf instructors. Few years back I had few test done on me including an xray. They told me I had some kind of spine condition, told me not to kitesurf and that I\u2019d be fine. Now I didn\u2019t completely stop I still teach and do other sports like paragliding, snowboarding, speedflying ect. But some times the pain in my lower back is too much to handle. What do you think I should do about it. I don\u2019t want to take pain killers I would prefer to actually fix my back so I can do everything I love doing. Please help me get back on my feet.", "title": "I am  kite surf instructor but have spine condition pain too much too handle?"}
{"text": "My 7 year old son has been experiencing mild stinging when urinating. I have taken him to the doctor several time over the last 6 months for this issue. they have tested him for a UTI each time and it has always been negative, even the culture they sent out. This is the only symptom he has had. The doctor has diagnosed him with urethritis each time and told me to have him drink more water. Tonight after using the bathroom he started crying and said the tip hurt really bad, but the pain resided after a moment. I plan on taking him back to the doctor tomorrow, but in the meantime I am just trying to get some ideas of what else could be causing this. Does urethritis typically last for 6+ months? It seems unusual to me", "title": "My son is experiencing stinging when urinating, not UTI, please advise?"}
{"text": "I am a 32 years old male. I have severe peripheral neuropathy symptoms since 2 months of my hiv exposure. Had a ptotected sex but I am not sure on hiv status of the sex worker or the condom status during sex(broke or any hole).I am everyday feeling burning pain in feet, extreme body twitching cramps in thighs, tingling in feet leg and hand fingers. Sometimes burning pain in thumb also. My doctor told it is not hiv but stress but it has never happened before and non ending. I am now 5 months hiv negative by duo test and pcr test. I also did std panel tests twice for hcv, hsv, vdrl, chlymdia and it was negative too.Please suggest what to do as this problem is affecting my daily activities and even sleep. Is this HIV? How long do I need to do the tests to be 100% sure I do not have hiv?Lab tests performed:\n4th gen duo \u2013 2 month, 3 month and 5 month Pcr dna \u2013 3 month Pcr rna \u2013 4 mont", "title": "I have severe peripheral neuropathy symptoms after HIV exposure?"}
{"text": "31, female. I woke up this morning with pain higher up on the left side of my chest and in my left armpit. My armpit only really hurts when I extend my arm out straight ahead of me or to the side and it\u2019s only slightly painful. The area on my chest hurts when pressed on or when I move or lift my arm. Id\u2019 say the spot is about an inch or less down from my clavicle and also another spot close to my armpit has a similar feeling. It doesn\u2019t hurt when breathing, eating or drinking. Only with movement of my arm or when pressure is applied. Wondering what could be causing this", "title": "I have pain higher up on the left side of my chest and in my left armpit"}
{"text": "female, 24 , no specific medical history\u2026.2 querries for you\u2026\u2026..problem 1- it started suddenly with no warning  i woke up to me private areas are swollen like someone punched me there and then also number sensitive (the type of sensation you feel when you go to the dentist and the anesthetic you and your lip and mouth goes numb that type of itchy numb tissue pain/feeling) feels like im allergic to myself and i had to have a baking soda bath to cool it down  (my sister hormone issues where her doctor advised her to sit in baking soda baths if this thing happend) this sensitivity has calmed down but flares up sometimes, my body fluids seem to make it worse  (is am not sexually active at all) so i dont know what it could be i think when i was a teem i had a mini hormone imbalance but i dont think its that i have tried thrush and feminine creams for down there but they make no difference i tend to be \u2018mosit\u2019 down there normally so i cant tell whats normal i have tried baby powder to dry it all out which does help slightly for limited time periods  , i have not changed the washing powder or shower gel i usually use\u2026  problem 2- also since then getting cold/fever like symptoms with migraines over the last 5 days snotty nose but when i blow my nose sometimes there is red and green bits instead of the normal yellow or clear snot the left side of my face has been hurting for 5 days as if someone punch me in the jaw i dont know if this is a cold something else or a tooth issue and ice packs and heat do not help my face pain  dont know if i need to go to doctor pharmacy or dentist about my fac", "title": "My vaginal area is swollen and cold/fever like symptoms and facial pain?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026) and I am 24 years old.  I currently take Microgesterone but that is the only medicine that I am taking regularly.  I am nervous and unsure about whether I should be.  I have been cramping and have been experiencing breast soreness and enlargement which I have not ever experienced the latter even during regular menstrual cycles.  I did take a home pregnancy test which showed as \u201cnot positive.\u201d  Since I have been on birth control, I have had some irregularities with my cycle, but this just seems different with the added symptom that I haven\u2019t experienced before.  Could you help me with this", "title": "Menstrual cycle causes cramping, breast soreness, enlargement, but not pregnant?"}
{"text": "I am 21, male, Do not know where to start so i am just gonna write, first notices it 7 months ago when my left arm biceps started to twitch, initially i thought it would stop it did not it persisted to twitch 24 hours a day, when i am awake and when i sleep so i went to the doctor and she said it happens and that i should consume more magnesium and i took it every day but twitching continued, went to the other doctor month after she sent me to emergency to take many tests and go to many doctors, nobody knew why is this happening, so i ordered another exemination in my city capital and they did that nerve test (witch i already did in my city) results were the same that it is not nerves, so since i told them i did\u2019nt feel any weakness in that arm so they told me they don\u2019t know what it is and that i should just live with it, the thing is its been like this for 7 months now and i feel twitches in my legs and even forehead, i am just looking what is wrong with me? i refuse to accept it is nothing\ni did blood test, urine test, nerves test, MRI(upper and lower) but machine is a bit old", "title": "My left arm biceps started to twitch, no solution?"}
{"text": "I am an 18 (I\u2019ll be 19 on the 18th of January) year old woman, and I am currently taking 300 mg clindamycin (3x a day for ten days), 300 mg bupropion (1x daily), .25 mg alprazolam (1x daily as needed). I have an allergy to penicillin, I have had ENT problems for as long as I can remember \u2014 when I was a toddler, I had to have tubes implanted in my ears due to frequent infections \u2014 as well as a weak immune system and a history of depression, anxiety, and OCD. Eight days ago, I went to a walk-in clinic for tonsil stones. The doctor there swabbed my throat, found out I had strep (which surprised me, my throat was barely sore), and prescribed me clindamycin. Just three days later I felt awful (it\u2019s alright as long as I stay completely still in bed, which I\u2019ve been trying to do for the past few days, but if I move, I get pain in my abdomen that\u2019s so intense I can barely move anyway. This has been accompanied by other fun symptoms, like gas, bloating, and yellow-looking diarrhea) but a quick google search told me that was fairly standard of the drug so I tried to stop panicking. It hasn\u2019t worked too well (I\u2019ve pretty much convinced myself that I\u2019m dying, so that\u2019s been an absolute joy), and the symptoms haven\u2019t let up over the past five days. Am I reacting badly to the medication? Should I stop treatment, even if there are only two days left to go? Do I need to see someone about this? What\u2019s going on", "title": "I have strep throat (Streptococcal pharyngitis) prescribed Clindamycin, now feel awful?"}
{"text": "37, male Medical conditions :HipertensionScoliosis, disc herniations, spondylolysis, right leg is 1 inch shorter   than left one.About 3 weeks ago started having trouble swallowing. Went to the emergency , was told I had \u201csore throat\u201d and was prescribed antibiotics. 5 days later felt bad again , went to a different emergency and was told i had \u201coral thrush\u201d , was put on nystatin, it worked well the first two days, but then  I felt itchiness when taking it.\n  Went to the emergency again , And was hospitalized for four days, it seemed to have improved, but now it has been more than a week since discharge and today ami am having trouble swallowing saliva again.\n    I haven\u2019t  been able to swallow the prescribed.medicine by the gastroenterologist due to fear of swallowing it whole", "title": "Having trouble swallowing, diagnosed oral thrush taking nystatin?"}
{"text": "Hello. I am a 36 year old female experiencing an ongoing cough producing phlem/mucus for around 4 weeks now, drenching night sweats, every night for the past couple of weeks. I have to change my clothes 2-3 times each night. I am generally cold, so this is strange for me. I am also experiencing weight loss and poor appetite, but was diagnosed with Hyperthyroidism 17 years ago. I have been able to maintain my weight at around 110 pounds, but the last several months, it has been very difficult to keep it up. I was diagnosed with Cervical cancer a little over a year ago, but was able to get it surgically removed and my pap smears have come back normal since. I have some lymph nodes that are swollen and slightly tender in the neck and groin area. I also have Ankylosing Spondylitis. I don\u2019t know if these are related, but my research thus far shows that they may be linked. I greatly appreciate you taking the time to look this over, and offering some advice", "title": "I was diagnosed with Cervical cancer I have some lymph nodes that are swollen and a ongoing cough producing phlem/mucus?"}
{"text": "I suspect I have an STIs\nfor about 1.5 months i felt i had the tiniest flesh-colored bump on the right side of my vulva, near my vagina. over a course of 2-3 weeks it grew in size and is now a pinky-flesh colour. i\u2019ve got one on my anus too but now i\u2019ve checked, it seems to have disappeared and i feel another little one coming on the inside of my vulva, next to my vagina again. i also feel a slight itchiness/irritation on the inside of my vulva near the anus, i\u2019m not sure if that will also turn to another bump. they are quite small and not painful but do get very slightly itchy sometimes. i\u2019m worried because the visible one on my vulva had a little bit of a dry surface, i was scared it was a herpes sore but i\u2019m not sure if it is because it isn\u2019t painful whatsoever. i would like to know whether this sounds more like hpv or hsv. if it is hpv, i would like to know whether i could leave it without treatment, and when the warts fall off whether that means the infection is gone too because i\u2019m scared that if i get rid of the visible warts, i won\u2019t be able to tell when my body actually fights the infection. i\u2019m not planning to have sex for the next two years. please help, thank yo", "title": "I suspect I have an STIs (Sexually transmitted infection), I have flesh-colored bump on the right side of my vulva, near my vagina"}
{"text": "I have been on my menstrual cycle for over a month closer to 2 months. I found out I\u2019m pregnant less then a week ago\u2026 I bleeding heavy and have abdominal cramps and started getting headaches. (\u2026) I\u2019ve smoked meth 6 months ago and drank GHB around same time. I\u2019ve been an addict for 10 years and I\u2019m 32yo. I\u2019m afraid it could be cancer or a cyst and the pregnancy test is not accurate. Please advise", "title": "I have been on my menstrual cycle for over a month, now found out I am pregnant?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is (\u2026) I have been cramping and having diarrhea for the past 2 weeks I took some medicine for the diarrhea and it finally went away the cramping gets worse at night where I can\u2019t even go to sleep it wakes me up my age is 42 the only thing I have is a thyroid medicine and my surgery they took everything out where I won\u2019t be able to have kids or have my perio", "title": "I have cramping and diarrhea for 2 weeks now?"}
{"text": "Condition summary:\nSprained left ankle for a year and a half. Ligament injury, synovitis with effusio", "title": "Sprained left ankle for a year and a half. Ligament injury, synovitis with effusion?"}
{"text": "My daughter was sick on Wednesday night into early Thursday morning, vomiting with a gastro bug. She was better by Friday. On Sunday morning she awoke with a petechial rash on her forehead around her eyes. How long after vomiting does it take for petechiae to show", "title": "My daughter had a gastroenteritis bug?"}
{"text": "Four months ago my husband got sick, the doctors don\u2019t know whats wrong, and is not making much of an effort to figure out what It could be, so we need ideas on what it could be so we can go to the doctor to make them check it out. It started with a tingling sensation on the entre left side of the body. After a few days he started getting  large involuntary movements in his left leg (his leg looked like it was made out of gelo when he walked .) after a few more days the involuntary movements started in his left arm. (It can last for hours and then goes away, and the episodes happens several times every day). His symptoms now include involuntary movements in his legs, arms, stomach muscles, left eyelid, and left side of his mouth(cheek and lips). He has episodes where he can\u2019t speak, as if his throat shuts down when he tries to speak ( lasting from minutes up to 3 hours). The last week he has had  pain on different places on his body (lasting seconds to minutes) the pain has been on his testicle, side of his head, neck, shoulder blades, thigh, and stomach and other various muscle groups.  Besides from this he has always been healthy, but has ADHD. (Uses concerta)  He is 26 years old. MRI and EEG look good.", "title": "Suffering from involuntary movements, spasms, doctors don\u2019t know what is wrong?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) I\u2019m 58 women I take levothyroxine and menopause support and Motrin. I need to see what\u2019s going on I been to the doctor like two times now and he keeps on telling me it my menopause imbalance but I\u2019m not sure because my neck shoulders back hips and legs hurt I need to see what it can be and to find a specialist in Utah I hurt all the time", "title": "I have neck, shoulders, back, hip and leg pain, doctor says due to menopause imbalance, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Do I need to find a new doctor test for Cushing\u2019s? I was diagnosed around 6-7 years ago as being insulin resistant, and since them, symptoms keep appearing. I have the fatty hump on my upper back, but when asking my doctor, she blamed weight. I ended up looking deeper and found a picture from my smallest weight, (125) and the hump was still present. I have the rounded face, and my cheeks are always red as well as purple stretch marks that appear out of nowhere even when my weight stays slightly consistent. I was also in therapy for my hips around the time of insulin resistance diagnosis. My doctor will not test me, because she says there is nothing wrong with me other than weight. (185 lbs), and i cant lose weight for the life of me, nothing works. My recent lab results showed elevated Alk Phos, total protein, cholesterol, anion gap, white blood count and platelets. As well as extremely low vitamin d. All of which she explained as fine. Please help", "title": "Do I have Cushing\u2019s Syndrome?"}
{"text": "I am a  22 year old female.\nI have just suffered the most intense and unbearable period cramps. The pain was something I have never felt in my life, and I have never been pregnant, but what was going through my mind was this is what a child birth contraction would be like. I felt like I needed to vomit, however I had just woken up so I had not eaten in many hours. I was sweating and felt very hot. I almost thought of calling an ambulance, or going to the emergency room, it was very, very painful. I am on the contraceptive pill, and I have not had my period  since the start of November, as I purposely skipped my period. So now its January and I decide to get my period and I had not started bleeding yet, then I woke up to these intense cramps and it just kept getting worse. It probably lasted at least 40mins, then slowly calmed down. Once this happened, I was walking around my house and from the hole where your period comes out, I felt this massive lump fall out, into my underwear. I ran to the bathroom to find this massive. . like mass, full of blood and like white mass. I toke photos of it, but I flushed it. As it is the weekend my doctors have closed and I don\u2019t know what to do! It was so large! I have never seen anything like this, I don\u2019t think it\u2019s normal at all! The size of it and the pain I felt, was horrible.\nI don\u2019t think this could be a miscarriage.\nCould you please help me, what do you think this is", "title": "I just suffered intense and unbearable period cramps, a massive lump fell out?"}
{"text": "2 months back, at night I faced severe stomach ache in the middle of my stomach. My mom thought at first it was due to gastric problems and gave me the medicine but it didn\u2019t work. I tried passing excreta and after a lot of attempts it passed, and I was expecting my pain to reduce by then but it got severe. My dad gave me some pain killer for stomach ache and then finally it reduced. After 2 weeks or so, I again faced the same problem and I took the same tab again and the pain reduced again. It repeated the same way after 3 weeks and I took the medicine but this time it didn\u2019t reduce. After some time, I drank a little ajwain in water and it reduced a little and slowly disappeared. The next day, I got the same pain.\nWhen my stomach had pained for the first time, my whole body had started itching and I had allergy tablet and it reduced for 2-3 days, but it started again. Currently the itching isn\u2019t much, but whenever it itches, the small part of skin in that place swells and turns red like how it happens when a mosquito bites.\nSince few days, I am even suffering from back pain and lower abdominal pain, in the absence of stomach pain and I even face breathing difficulties since few months. At the beginning I wasn\u2019t able to breath in absence of wind, but now I feel suffocated more.\nI even feel very hungry at times, my stomach gets hot and it won\u2019t get even half filled despite eating a lot of things and I feel a little weakness in my arms and legs. Can you please tell me what might be the problem", "title": "I have gastric problems with itching and breathing problems, getting worse?"}
{"text": "Hi..my name is (\u2026) and I\u2019m a female 49 years of age, due to facial pain, tingling numbness, along with ear pain and extreme buzzing and tinnitus, along with some fairly body wide complaints, most concerning is of fatigue, weakness and at times inability to move and use predominantly legs, but at times also arms. I also have some sensory deficits as well as issues with temperature regulation. I recently had a brain MRI that found several lesions that could be indicative of old ischemia along with leukoariosis. The brain mri report also discussed the finding of a type II loop in anterior inferior cerebellar artery. (\u2026) I have been experiencing symtoms for years and progressively getting worse. Please advise", "title": "Facial pain, tingling numbness, along with ear pain and fatgue, brain MRI found several lesions?"}
{"text": "I have an allergy for dust mites and about two times a year the symptoms get much worse. Just like it did two weeks ago. But now when I cough I suddenly have to endure pain in the back of my head at the height of my right ear, but a bit more to the middle of the back of my head.I added a photo to indicate where the pain is.It feels like it stings me and then the pain stays for about 20 minutes. After that it slowly drifts away.\nIt is the worst in the morning and in the evening and it is getting worse by the day.I am a 19 year old guy.What is the problem?", "title": "I have an allergy for dust mites, now pain in back of head when I cough?"}
{"text": "Hello, I wanted to know if there are topical treatments for acne and acne scars. I am a 40-year-old woman who still gets acne. My skin is very sensitive, and each new treatment prescribed by a doctor only causes more acne to show up. I have totally lost faith in doctors from my area. The type of acne that I have is red, inflamed, painful to touch, filled with puss, and hard to hide with makeup. I have taken a retin-A course before, and it did work for a while but re-emerged. I also have various scars or \u201choles\u201d in my skin. Any solutions? Thanks", "title": "I am a 40-year-old woman who still gets acne, are there any topical treatments that work?"}
{"text": "Last year I had unprotected sex and a few weeks later my testicles became sore. I went to the doctor and told my girlfriend and we both got put on anti biotics (they said it was probably chlamydia) The urgent care center lost my urine sample so I never got a confirmation on what i had. They gave me doxycylcine and the symptoms went away\u2026 for about 8 weeks. The urge to urinate frequently never really went away. Then I began feeling a burning sensation in my bladder like a pocket of something stinging was in there. I went to another doctor they gave me a white blood cell test told me i didnt have an infection and sent me on my way.months progress \u2013 THe burning sensation in my bladder comes back off and on \u2013 now with minor itching of my urethera and minor stinging. No discharge (ever) Convinced I have something I go back to another doctor and they give me the same white blood cell test \u2013 they conclude I do not have an infection and send me on my way.Now one year later I still have the same symptoms \u2013 slight burning in bladder (on and off) stinging when I pee (on and off) and the frequent urge to urinate. Except now, my kidneys have started to throb and sting. (left side then right side, sometimes my bad but the pain isnt consistant)SO, i went to another doctor requested a full std test and urine test.Neg to chlamydia, gonnorea, vaginosis, and even Myco Plasma Gennitallium. The doctor looked at my kidneys from an ultra sound and said they look normal. My doctor calls me and says there is nothing wrong with me. Fine. WHY does my bladder feel full when it isnt, I have itching in my urethra and sometimes stinging when I pee, burning sensation in my bladder, and my kidneys still hurt on and off during the week. I now also get head aches constantly and some minor nausia (this never happened) Could all of these doctors be missing something? Could I have a fungal infection? I promise I am not crazy and the symptoms I am feeling are real but no one is taking me seriously because the objective results on all of the tests", "title": "My bladder feels full and burns, urethra itches, tests all OK?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 19 year old girl and my medical symptoms are not letting me live a normal life. Unfortunately, even though I\u2019ve seen many doctors and took (and am taking) different medication, no one is able to tell me what\u2019s going on and no of the medication is really working.\nEverything started around 8 years ago, when I started getting something that is called Tinnitus. I can\u2019t listeen to loud sounds of any kind, because instead of any sound all I can hear is a combination of crackles and sizzles, similar to electricity, plastic bags and sparklers. This is not my main problem right now as I got used to it, was it only marked the beginning of problems with my ears, sinuses and teeth (which as my dentist told me can all be connected).\nI\u2019ve been experiencing severe post-nasal drip for more than a year now and that\u2019s what is bugging me the most. Everyday after waking up I have to spend 10 minutes in my bathroom to cough the yellow mucus, which I can see is appearing on my throat from sinuses. During the day as I take medication I can also have the feeling of not being able to breath because of this disease. I\u2019m really depressed because of it  and it makes my life horrible.\nThe last issue concerns my jaw. It has changed its\u2019 location about 5mm to the right and now my chin is not under my nose. My face is also assymetrical, which is very visible on photos. I\u2019ve had this issue for a year now.\nI know it\u2019s hard to tell me anybthing without seeing me in person, but every advice is so important for me as I\u2019m very desperate and I want to be finally cured.\nPs. I\u2019m from Poland and currently I am taking medications such as Pronasal, Clatra and Erdome", "title": "I have Tinnitus, severe post-nasal drip, yellow mucus and dislocated jaw?"}
{"text": "Do I definitely have melanoma? How likely is it that it\u2019s melanoma?\nI\u2019ve read about the ABCDEs of melanoma and I think all of them apply to my case. My mole used to be just a tiny dot but then it suddenly became raised and grew larger in size. It also became asymmetric, and the borders are irregular. It\u2019s now about 4-5 mm in diameter. It doesn\u2019t itch, hurt, or bleed. I\u2019m a 23 year old female and I have a family history of cancer on both sides. My aunt has breast cancer and my grandfather used to have stomach cancer before he passed away. I\u2019m incredibly worried and I have to wait till next Thursday to get it examined. Please advise, thank you", "title": "Do I have melanoma.. how likely is it that this is melanoma?"}
{"text": "for the past 2 weeks maybe even 1 month , because i only really started noticing recently. i have been getting these little red bumps, it started on my lower back on the side, and then i started getting them on my right arm. now i have a few on my left arm, one on my ankle, 3 or so on my thigh, 1-4 on the tops of my hand, on the back of my neck on the right, and on the side of my neck on the left. they are like under the skin but red, a few look almost like mosquito bites ,they itch from time to time but not sever where i need to each all the time. and then i have some that look like raised skin like a weltch. i have photos attachedi have allergies to eggs,seafood and all nuts and almonds (i don\u2019t eat any ) i have not changed anything i ate in the past month, have not changed my laundry soap, i have not been to any hotels or other country i have mild eczema and i was also on the cyestra pill (generic brand of diane 35) for my adult acne,i am female 2", "title": "I have been getting these little red bumps over all of my body?"}
{"text": "I am a 35 yr old female. I had a back fusion at l4-s1 about 4 yrs ago. I have recently been having a lot of pain when I bend forward and try to straighten back up. It feels like it locks on me. So I had an xray done, and it shows that I have anterlothesis of l4 on l5, and it increases with flexion. My pain doctor referred me to a surgeon because he said it should not be moving like that due to it being fused there. Is he right? Is this abnormal movement", "title": "I had a back fusion at l4-s1 now have anterlothesis of l4 on l5, do I need surgery?"}
{"text": "Hi there, just over a year ago i had a disc removed ( L2), I\u2019m fully aware of any side affects which have been slightly improved with physio, pilates and general fitness regime, however, the pain in my lower back \u2013 central and left to right has never improved,.  I\u2019ve bee back to the GP and had another ultra scan on the initial operation point but nothing found ?? no attempt was made to scan the other areas in pain.  I\u2019m not on any type of medication although i do have lots left over,  morphiene, co-hydracodiene, napraxin etc.  I\u2019m in constant pain and would really appreciate your thoughts on why I\u2019m still suffering with pain !!", "title": "I had a disc removed ( L2)  pain in my lower back has never improved?"}
{"text": "i\u2019m 32. i am undergoing sleep deprivation through what appears to be electrical sensations to the chest, neck and head (brain?). This is coupled with sharp shocks or stinging sensations both inside and on the surface of the skin. Almost all of a sudden i am almost in an electrically drugged staggering state. Is this something electromagnetic? All other health aspects are fine, no history of physical or psychological problems, although lack of understanding and adequate treatment, this may change. Thank you.", "title": "I suffer sleep deprivation through what appears to be electromagnetic sensations?"}
{"text": "I am a 27 year old normally healthy female. In the bit between my anus and vagina it felt like something was pushing out. It was intense pressure. Then my lower back started to hurt. It has been hurting without any respite for 4 days now. The pressure doesn\u2019t feel as bad in my bottom but it\u2019s still there. I am also experiencing shooting pains in the front of my vagina.\nThe pain in the back has got worse and had been keeping me awake at night.\nit is mostly on the left side however the shooting pains in my vagina feel like they are on the left. (they only happen now and again, but i am sure they are getting more frequent) I have been lying in bed for 4 days, painkillers don\u2019t seem to ease the pain", "title": "I suffer in page in front of vagina, painkillers don\u2019t ease the pain?"}
{"text": "I am 60 years old and a diabetic.\nI used to take kombyglyze 500 x 1 per day however it was not lowing my morning sugars. I had to see a different doctor recently and she put me on metformin 1000 x 2 per day plus weekly injections of bydureon and since then my sugars have been low but I have had really really bad reflux and cannot sleep or feel like eating. I have heavy breathing and generally feel just tired. Please help me . I am also taking medication for reflux, high blood pressure and cholesterol. I am feeling so unwel", "title": "I have had really really bad reflux and cannot sleep or feel like eating?"}
{"text": "Hi I gave birth 8 months ago and I have since had pain during intercourse. The pain is felt deep inside not where I would have any scar tissue and I also get a tightening/cramping sensation that is painful on occasion in and around the vagina after sex.\nI had a first degree tear with no stitches required and I am a first time mum with no complications during birth and a normal vaginal delivery.\nI am in a long term relationship and we are both clear of any STIs", "title": "After giving birth I have pain during intercourse, had first degree tear during birth?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes at the beginning of last year. A1C was 7.0. I was prescribed Metformin and Lisinopril. Since then, thru diet and exercise, I lost 20 lbs. and reduced my A1C to 5.5 and staying at those levels\u2026 without taking ANY of those drugs. My blood pressure is and always has been perfect. I\u2019m 60 yrs. old, 5 ft. 6 in., and 175 lbs. My question is, is there any need to be taking these drugs if I am maintaining normal numbers without", "title": "Diagnosed with type 2 diabetes reduced A1C blood test without using Metformin and Lisinopril?"}
{"text": "49 y/o female, right hand was crushed/squeezed in a dog leash.  Hand was swollen and bruised with limited motion to right ring finger and hand. A few days passed with no improvement. Had X-rays Dr. Says yes 4th metacarpal is broke. Took weeks to get into orthopedic hand Dr. He views films from initial visit and says no it\u2019s not broke. Still pain in hand. Motion is resuming", "title": "Right hand was crushed/squeezed with limited motion 4th metacarpal is broke?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 25 year old male who is an ex smoker and is slightly overweight. It\u2019s a 50/50 shot if i feel well in the morning. When i feel awful it\u2019s stomach aches, super hot, muscle soreness, headaches/migraines, constant hacking and sweating. Just trying to figure out why i feel like death so often when i get up", "title": "When I wake up I feel stomach aches, super hot, muscle soreness, headaches/migraines, constant hacking and sweating."}
{"text": "My daughter just went for her 1 year well visit. When they tested her iron and hemoglobin her hemoglobin is low but her iron is high. The doctor put her on iron medicine. What can cause her hemoglobin to be low but her iron is high? Her iron was 4.5. The doctor thinks that the iron and hemoglobin are fighting each othe", "title": "My daughter\u2019s hemoglobin is low but her iron is high, doctor thinks they are fighting each other?"}
{"text": "Male, 73 years old . Recently had total knee replacements back to back. Knees are fine, but am not feeling good, no energy, depressed, no appetite, have lost weight. When standing, blood pressure falls dramatically. I have passed out several times. Heart dr. Says postulate hypotension and given rx blood pressure med to raise blood pressure.somehow I think he is missing something. I freeze, sick to my stomach, just don\u2019t seem to follow all symptoms of his diagnosis", "title": "Had total knee replacements, I am not feeling good, no energy, depressed, no appetite, have lost weight?"}
{"text": "I keep getting frequent anterior shoulder dislocations, but my arm is only hanging out for about 20-30 seconds before it pops back in. Then it feels alright, I can feel that if I repeat the movement it will come out again but with force. The pain is not that bad, easily avoidable. Is this something I can ignore? I don\u2019t have access to medical help just yet, but want to know that I\u2019m not making the situation majorly worse by continuing to not do anything about it. Can I keep going to the gym 6 days a week? It popped out today doing lateral extensions. Thanks", "title": "I get frequent anterior shoulder dislocations will the situation get worse?"}
{"text": "I caught flu 5 days ago. Most symptoms are well under control except for a bad cough and mild headache and fatigue. I am not 100% recovered yet. I have to fly tomorrow (Los Angeles to san francisco) and I am scared that my ears will hurt. I have already had my right ear drum rupture during descent in a flight once.  I made a trip to a urgent clinic doctor just now and after checking my ears, he says I should be OK to fly. I am not so confident as he didn\u2019t guarantee that my ears will be 100% OK. He just said everything looks like you will be fine. Shall I take the risk and fly tomorrow? Please advise", "title": "I am scared that my ear drums may hurt or puncture while in flight?"}
{"text": "27 male no real medical history. I was in an accident 5 months ago and was diagnosed with a concussion. A few days after I was very dizzy with headaches. I still have the headaches and I was told I can have them for awhile. The dizziness kinda faded away with random spells every now and again but for the last week and a half my dizzy spells have come back and they are worse then ever. I still have the headaches along side them. Should I be worried and should I get checked out. The last spell I have was tonight when I was driving to work and I got so dizzy I ended up in a ditch. I have 0 prior dizzy spells. Never had one before the accident", "title": "I was diagnosed with a concussion, now have dizzy spells?"}
{"text": "i recently got lasik.. well i got my 3rd Surgery (enhancements) and now they claim i have -0.5 astigmatism in my right eye and +0.25 farsighted in my left. They claim that its a success.. however i feel my vision is very off balanced! I had to leave school because reading is difficult as the words are a bit fuzzy.. from far things are fuzzy to.. it comes from my right eye more.  As soon as my eye are open i feel CONSTANT eye strain! I have daily headaches because of it. Its been 4 months since my last surgery.. when I finally went to see my surgeon about this she said \u201cyou have dry eyes.. i can see from here you have dry spots on your cornea. Thats whats causing your vision to be blurry and feel unbalanced.. and giving you a hard to time to see fine print on words in books.\u201d Could they be right? Can dry eyes do that!? I mean my eyes dont even burn! I dont feel dry.", "title": "I recently got lasik surgery, now vision is blurry and can\u2019t see fine print?"}
{"text": "I am a male 16 year old male. i made a very dumb and ignorant mistake as a 14 year old. I took anabolic steroids. Ever since then i stopped growin in height. Did i stunt my growth? If i did, did i also stunt everything else? (Penis growth, facial growth etc", "title": "I made a very dumb and ignorant mistake as a 14 year old I took anabolic steroids?"}
{"text": "Hi! So i have this thing on my face that\u2019s been there for a while, but i have no clue what it is and recently its started to bleed frequently. I just wanted to see what it is and what I should do to get rid of it. Thanks!(its the thing on the left side of the photo", "title": "I have this thing on my face no clue what it is?"}
{"text": "43 year old female with sharp stabbing pain upper right abdomen to the center with no relief.Swollen,hard stomach. Started Monday evening. Hurts to breath & move much. I\u2019ve had my gallbladder & appendix out 20 years ago along with a hysterectomy due to endometriosis. This came on out of no where, also I do not drink & have never done drugs( always a question docs ask when you go to doc). I just don\u2019t want to go to the ER if it will go away. Any suggestions on what\u2019s going on", "title": "Sharp stabbing pain upper right abdomen with Swollen,hard stomach?"}
{"text": "I am a 24 years old male. I have had stiffness of the neck for 4 years now. Whenever i take a pain reliever drug like \u201cDiclofenac\u201d, the stiffness subside a little but cant still turn my neck fully. I went to a hospital recently, and the doctor looked clueless and couldn\u2019t narrow down what it was, was just telling me to go do many test. I went to an acupuncture center, and everything there just look shady and wrong. First it was their diagnosing machine, a quantum resonance magnetic analyzer. That first made me skeptical about the treatment, although i went with it, what really put me off was when after stretching my neck and trying to put it back by force, the doctor said i might have meningitis. I knew immediately this man was just clueless too..    I dont think i have meningitis, because from what i can read about it, i have no meningitis symptoms except the stiff neck.  I dont have pain extended to my hand or back or shoulder or any tingling sensation. no headaches or fever, i am as healthy as any other individual but just the stiff neck. Please i really need help, scared to go to another shady doctor who just want my money and got no clue. I have never had any accident, i just slept and woke up with the stiff neck and 4 years now it has refuse to go", "title": "I have had stiffness of the neck for 4 years now. I need a real solution?"}
{"text": "31, women.\nMy body hasn\u2019t been feeling good at all, I\u2019m having back and neck tightness and I can also feel it in my head. My head feels heavy quite ofter and I have migraines but it feels as though it\u2019s my neck that\u2019s causing my head to feel this way. my ears feel like the after effect of being on a plane and ur ears pop, my throat feels tight also my neck I can also feel a weird feeling from my throat traveling to my jaw little bit like a numb feeling. I have this weird feeling just below my left and right ribcage that also travels round to my back not sure if it\u2019s muscle weakness. My neck is also bit stiff and a little swollen and when I move it left to right I can feel the strain and hear a crunching sound. When I put my chin to my chest I can feel the strain from my head going down my neck down to my back. All my body clicks like the joints. My friend is a osteopath and she tried to work on me, when I crossed my arms over my chest for her to click my back when she leaned on me it felt like from my neck upwards was filled up to the point where it felt like my head was going to explode. I am not emptying my bowels frequently i feel that my digestive system isnt working properly. What can be wrong?I have had blood test for gallstones which was fine and a ultrasound to see what is going on inside my belly which was fine. I had a blood test for thyroids which was also fine and I am waiting for ultrasound for that. When I was around 5/6 I was really ill and almost died. I was in hospital for about 3 months, couldn\u2019t walk or anything, my knees were swollen. I had water in my brain. I had a miscarriage at 3months January 2016 the baby wasn\u2019t growing properly", "title": "My body hasn\u2019t been feeling good at all What can be wrong?"}
{"text": "19, female, no medications,  I was in a car accident about 5 months ago, and injured my leg. I didnt have it looked at while I was in the hospital, because I dont have insurance and assumed it would heal over time. The pain happens when i get up from sitting for a while, or bend my leg after standing for a while. The pain is in the back left of my knee, and is really sharp and spreades throughout knee and then fades after walking for a bit. Theres no swelling or anything, so I assume there are no tears and fractures. But the pain is worsening. Since I dont have insurance, is there something a doctor could definitely do", "title": "I injured my leg in car accident, pain when I get up from sitting and after standing?"}
{"text": "About a month in a half ago I recorded my first reading of high blood pressure 148/89 after experiencing minor chest pains and feeling light headed. Two weeks before the first event, I was at the docs for my 2nd intense cold in the span of 2 weeks with no recording of high BP. I went back to the doc 2 weeks later for the same exact feelings and recorded BP around the same reading. I was given an EKG test, blood work, and a 24hr holter monitor. All of the tests came back normal, blood work was excellent. The week after I ended up in urgent care and then the emergency room for feeling the same way but I recorded a BP measure of 164/94. All of the tests came back normal as well, EKG and blood work including a chest x-ray. I did have 2 low readings in the past month which were 142/78 and a 138/76 in the ER. I followed up with my doc and he put me on HBP medication lossartan potassium 50 mg but switched me to Hydrochlorothiazid 25 mg due to feeling the side effects i.e. light headedness/dizziness and headache. I am a 23 year old male, 6\u20191 185lbs, recent college grad also played a sport while in college. I go to the gym regularly and eat a lot of fruits and vegetables everyday but I don\u2019t train like a college athlete anymore. I don\u2019t smoke or do any drugs nor take supplements. I do drink like I\u2019m still in college but only on the weekends. HBP does run in my family along with diabetes but HBP did not develop in the fam members until later in their lives. Intense anxiety did overcome me after my first HBP reading(so for about a month of straight anxiety everyday) because I simply thought the next time I workout I would drop dead, so I stopped going to the gym until the week of Christmas. I feel great when I workout or go to the park to play the sport that I love. I just want to know what could cause this because it literally feels like it happened overnight and I really do not want to be on medication", "title": "High blood pressure, intense colds, minor chest pains and feeling light headed, went to ER all ok, what can this be?"}
{"text": "I have a mole/wart(I am not sure what it is called) on my right hand palm. It has been there for a few years(maybe 3-4) and its a bit reddish-brown. Bleeds once in 6 months randomly or when its under some pressure. Also \u2013 its not completely dry ..its a mix between semi-dry , semi-active.", "title": "I have a mole/wart on my right hand palm, is it dangerous?"}
{"text": "Female, 20, only take birth control, excellent medical history. Rash started two weeks ago with small spot on stomach, spread to all of my stomach, and now it\u2019s all over my stomach, breast, chest, back, and spreading to my arms and thighs. It is extremely itchy. Doctor said it was contact dermatitis and gave me steroids that were supposed to clear it up but it has made no change.", "title": "Is this contact dermatitis, I need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 24 year old female with no past medical history. I\u2019m only on the Nexplanon birth control rod implant in my arm. A few days ago, I felt pain around the skin on my vagina. I felt and there was a penny sized lump that was hard as a rock. I figured it might just be a bad zit and I would give it a chance to come to a head. Well, today the lump is quarter sized or larger and it still hasn\u2019t come to a head. The lump is very hard and very very painful. It feels like I can almost \u201croll\u201d the lump under my skin. I can barley walk, sit or stand because of the pain. Should I go to the ER? Urgent Care is closed and I don\u2019t have a family doctor right now. The pain is becoming unbearable", "title": "I felt pain around the skin on my vagina.  Well, today I have a lump quarter sized or larger?"}
{"text": "Diagnosed with Patella Alta ratio 1.7.\nLooking to seek more advise on it as I am booked in for surgery and could possibly be out of work for up to 8 months. Is surgery the only option after 3 kneecap dislocations and 3 years of physical therap", "title": "Diagnosed with Patella Alta ratio 1.7, is surgery only option?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m (\u2026) and I\u2019m 20. I have a question regarding the use of an elbow brace. I fractured my elbow a year and 4 months ago, I currently have \u201cnails\u201d in and wanted to know if I should be using an elbow brace when playing contacts sports and if so is there a specific kind I should use? I\u2019m currently not taking any medication, I was prescribed azetomenofen for the pain. I haven\u2019t had any major pain recently but have had slight pains when playing sports", "title": "I fractured my elbow, should I be using an elbow brace"}
{"text": "After 3 hernia operations and the last one being massive, there has been a sudden development (at least we think so because there hasn\u2019t been any symptom) a medium sized bubble formed about 4cm below the stitches in the abdomen and it burst open and what we think was the bowel on the digestive tract came gushing out.\nLater when we got an ultrasound done they said that there was pushed formation as well.\nWhat could be the problem?\nThe previous hernia was at an advanced stage and by god\u2019s grace and thanks to the doctors it went well but now there\u2019s this new scene\nWhat could be the problem", "title": "After 3 hernia operations, a medium sized bubble formed about 4cm below the stitches?"}
{"text": "I am a 49 yr old female, I have vertebrae messed up in my neck, I have heart and blood pressure problems I also have moderate/sever COPD. Ive been waking up with horrible headaches and a cold icy almost like a brain freeze in the front of my head right above my right eyebrow, I also have trouble seeing when I wake up with these headaches its hard to focus cause I see double when it does this. My family Dr. seems to think they are cause by the problems with my neck but I worry cause my father had 2 aneurysms on his brain one of them was bad enough for surgery", "title": "Ive been waking up with horrible headaches and a cold icy almost like a brain freeze?"}
{"text": "I am a 28 years old male suffering from weird left ear pressure from 6 months ago, I am a healthy airline pilot. My sypmtoms are mild ear pressure only in the left ear. No pain and hearing is fine. I went to the ENT who checked my ears and said it is normal and asked me to do pressure test (cause I am a pilot) which became normal too! He ruled out any ear infection and said it might be TMJ. I looked out TMJ symptoms on internet and found it is not applicable with mine because TMJ = pain (specially when closing opening jaw). Honestly I dont feel any pain around my jaw, But when I open/close my jaw I can feel a cracking sound in the left jaw (yes around my left ear) but still no pain. The pressure I feel is comes very quickly either when I rest the back of my head on the chair or when I lay the back of my head on bed. Also this discomfort is very noticable when I close my eyes! Sometimes the valsava manuveur makes me feel better only for a few seconds. Also I was diagnosed with thyrioditis few months ago and it became normal after few months of observation, local ENT said it had nothing to do with my left ear", "title": "I\u2019m a pilot suffering from a weird left ear pressure?"}
{"text": "I am 24 year old female. Pregnant.\nFor the past 3 days I have had an INTENSE pain in a specific spot- on the inside right below my right eyebrow. The pain is in the exact same spot for days. I have a history of migranes, sinus infections, and tension headaches, but this does not feel like any of them. I have seen 2 doctors today, but noone seems to be taking me seriously. One doctor said it\u2019s not sinuses, but was not helpful in telling me what it might be(I might\u2019ve not described just HOW painful it is.) The other doctor looked at it and said that my top eyelid looks a bit swollen and maybe there\u2019s an infection by the tear duct. I have a history of very sensitive tear ducts, and I think he\u2019s right- there might be an infection there, but it happened after the pain started because I have been touching the area a lot since the pain started\u2026\nThe pain is just so intense, and unlike any headache I\u2019ve ever experienced, I just feel like it\u2019s something else. What could this be?", "title": "For the past 3 days I have had an INTENSE pain in a specific spot- on the inside right below my right eyebrow?"}
{"text": "40 yrs old. male. No prior surgeries since 2004. on  bladder/scar tissue was removed.My problem now is my lymph nodes under my arm are swollen and my muscles tighten up in my upper back and chest from time to time.Im taking Bactrim and Ibuprofen and its not working. Ive been to get blood work done and only thing I\u2019m being told is my white blood cells are a little elevated but not buy much.Its some type of bacterial infection that won\u2019t go away. The pain comes and goes mostly at night.Pain level is about an 8, from 1-10 and I feel horrible. I take a flexir to go to sleep. This has been issue for 3 weeks now. No appetite loss or weight loss.No weakness but I do get dizziness alot. Could you please give me your best diagnosis please. I\u2019ve been to ER 5-6 times and EKGs are normal MRI is good Chest x-ray is good, but im having alot of burning sensation like right under the skin", "title": "My lymph nodes under my arm are swollen. Pain level 8. Went to ER no solution, need advice?"}
{"text": "Hiya. I\u2019m 19 years old (female) and for 2 weeks, my systolic blood pressure has been over 135 and diastolic approximately 89 with 90+bpm at rest. (My blood pressure is normally around 110/75 with 70-80bpm at rest.) I get sharp headaches that come and go, but some don\u2019t go for extended periods of time despite rest and sleep. Since then, when I eat I get acid reflux which temporarily disappears with alkaline foods (i.e. yoghurt) but then comes back. I get spells of light-headedness and dizziness, sometimes feeling nauseous. I\u2019m a univeristy student and have got exams coming up; however, these are not causing me significant stress and my bp hasn\u2019t shot up this much before. I get fevers on and off, and take paracetamol for them. Just before this started, I was feeling extremely low and took 8 25mg phenargan tablets with 2 co-dydramol tablets (500mg/10mg). The day of taking that and 3 days following, I felt like crap and was feeling the above symptoms but in a worse manner, I couldn\u2019t even get out of bed. I\u2019m not prescribed phenargan, so I understand I shouldn\u2019t be using it but I did. Since then I\u2019ve just been taking 2 or so at night every 3 days roughly. Two days after I took the load, I was having horrible acid reflux and burning pain that after talking to a doctor on the phone, he suggested that my thoughts of it being a stomach/peptic ulcer may have been correct; however, the severe symptoms of that assumed peptic ulcer went away after two days of taking ranitidine and paracetamol \u2013 I did not disclose me taking those phenargan tablets to the doctor. These problems are still persisting and I can\u2019t approach anyone \u2013 please can you help? I\u2019ve also been feeling very fatigued despite not being sleep deprived and as a result of my past, I haven\u2019t spoken to a medical specialist about this but my mental health corresponds to mild-severe depression, perhaps PTSD.\u2018Borderline\u2019 anaemic, heavy periods -> take iron tablets.\nVitamin D deficient.\nUsed to have migraines which stopped around a year ago but blurry vision sometimes comes (perhaps a few times a month).I am \u2018borderline\u2019 anaemic so sometimes I take iron tablets and sometimes I don\u2019t. I\u2019m vitamin D deficient so I take vitamin D3 tablets", "title": "I get sharp headaches, spells of light-headedness and dizziness, fevers on and off?"}
{"text": "Hello Doctor, My name is (\u2026) and my age is 28, I\u2019m married for past 4 months, me and my wife were trying to have a baby, but in these four months nothing have happened. with a doubt in my mind i had gone to test my semen. My semen analysis report says: Colour \u2013 Opaque Grey ; Reaction \u2013 Alkaline ; Total Sperm Count \u2013 1.8 million/ml ; Agglutination \u2013 Not Present ; Actively Motile \u2013 40% ; sluggish motile \u2013 20% ; non motile \u2013 40% ; normal forms \u2013 45% ; abnormal forms \u2013 55% ; pus cells 8-10/hpf ; RBCs \u2013 0-1/hpf ; epithelial cells 1-3/hpf ; fructose \u2013 positive. Kindly advise me whether my sperm count is ok to conceive a baby OR i should go for treatment straight away OR shall i try out for some time. If you say to try out for some other time means kindly advise for how much time should i try before going to doctor", "title": "We\u2019re trying to have a baby, here are semen test results?"}
{"text": "Im 21 year old female that is experiencing fever, cold sweats, chills fatigue burning eyes and a deep pain in my mid section of my back just below the ribs on my right side also i itc", "title": "Experiencing fever, cold sweats, chills fatigue burning eyes and a deep pain in my mid section"}
{"text": "Hi all, I have a few questions about a severe sinus infection (acute frontal sinusitis) that I\u2019m struggling with. I\u2019m having debilitating headaches every day, concentrated in the frontal sinus area, but am not presenting with any other sinusitis symptoms. I did do a sinus x-ray and was told by a doctor that it indicates a continuing sinus infection. I\u2019m taking an antibiotic (Augmentin) as well as a nasal spray (flonase) but I want to talk to you about next steps and how urgent you think the situation might be. Thank you", "title": "I have severe sinus infection (acute frontal sinusitis), what are my next steps?"}
{"text": "Im a 41-year-old female. Ive been sick since December 4. I went to my physician December 6 due to a sinus infection which he prescribed me a zpak. Took enough pak kept feeling worse and very weak. When to the ER and P.A. there said I had an upper respiratory infection was told to get rest afrin and an otc decongestant which I did. Kept blowing lots and lots of green mucus from nasal passage and coughing the same green mucus from my mouth non stop tasting nothing but infection when I swallow. Still feeling horrible and extreme fatigue and weakness. I retun by to the ER 4days ago this time I was told after chest x-ray and lab work that I have a bad sinus infection and bronchitis. The doctor gave me a bag of iv fluids and a bag of levaquin and a prescription of levaquin 750mg 1 a day for 10 days.   I have been taking them for 4days the green mucus is still coming up not as much but I still have no energy at all so weak and extremely tired. I still feel no what like me before all of this what is the cause of the unbearable weakness", "title": "I have sinus infection , went to ER now feel no energy, tired and weak?"}
{"text": "Dizzy, loss of balance, split vision both eyes seeing separately. As separate as if one eye covered. In 99 brain surgery for busted anuerism. Focal seizures for five yrs. Episode length  five minutes. I\u2019m 59 good shape good pressure no scripts", "title": "Had ruptured brain aneurysm, now dizzy, loss of balance, split vision both eyes seeing separately?"}
{"text": "Causes for non-genetic hemochromatosis.\nCan too much alcohol cause this condition? Will anything help me get better or is it permanent now for me? If so, will no longer drinking improve or treat the condition? I admitted to my doctor I have been drinking excessive amounts everyday because I\u2019ve been unable to control extreme stress in my live. She sent me for blood tests, which revealed very high iron levels, but it used to always be low, or low side of normal range before the stress & drinking. I am a 52 yr old female of northern English parents", "title": "Can too much alcohol cause hemochromatosis?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having constant headache for about 10 days now. It\u2019s a steady pressure across my forehead and side area. Sometimes it radiates from my eyes/eyebrows. It\u2019s not throbbing pain. Sometimes I would have low-grade fever but it would go away after drinking paracetamol \u2014 but not the headache totally. Sometimes I would feel nauseous maybe cause of too much movement.I also noticed that when I bend over, I would feel more pressure on the head. Sometimes there\u2019s this feeling of \u2018drowning\u2019 up my nose.Once in a while I would feel pain or pressure at the back of my ears and I\u2019m not sure if that\u2019s connected.I feel fine when asleep. But when I wake up, after some time I\u2019d feel the headache again that would last on-off all day long until I sleep again.I had my urine and CBC checked last week, all normal. Also had my ultrasound of KUB cause we thought I had UTI but also came out normal", "title": "I\u2019ve been having constant headache for about 10 days now?"}
{"text": "I have been feeling unwell for about 10 days now. Sore throat, cough, pain under right rib and then spots appeared on my hands and now my feet. They are becoming itchy and don\u2019t seem to be going just more appearing. Not sure if i should see a doctor or just wait until they disappear.\nMany thanks,\nage 2", "title": "unwell for about 10 days  sore throat, cough, pain under right rib, spots on hands and feet?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 28 female and have something broke out all over me what could this be", "title": "I have something broke out all over me what could this be?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 55 yrs old male with no insurance but no medical history.\nA week ago I had severe flu symptoms and same time experiencing this problem.\nMy left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood\u2026My sperm is very bloodish and half of the testiclr is hard\u2026\nWhat\u2019s possibly wrong and who should I go to see..?\nI never had sex with anyone but my wife\u2026", "title": "My left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood?"}
{"text": "I am a 51 year old female . I just had my 5th spinal fusion , this time C4-5 and 5-6  in Dec 16 , 2016 I am normally very active and in good physical shape . I did also a a pretty complicated 7 hour emergency lumbar fusion in August of 2016.  I am in an Aspen collar for 6 weeks I have been up and active since about 3 days post op. I wear my collar all day and Dr. said I didn\u2019t have to wear it at night , much relieved by that. However , I move around a great deal in the night and last night felt a little pop in my neck , painless . My main source of pain right now is all muscle related . Some weakness in hands , not bad , and some burning in the sides of my neck and down through shoulders to around elbows . i try to rest a little here and there during the day . However , I am particularly tired today . I have taken , with the exception of last Sat. only one pain pill most days , but not everyday . Sat . I took two during day. Sat. during the night extreme pain.  i took an Oxycontin , which is a desperate measure for me . My two main questions 1: should I be wearing the collar at night ? 2: is it normal to be this tired? This operation took only about 3 hours , seemed like small potatoes after the August surgery . I am not sure that I know what it means when a Dr. says slow down , What specifically does that look like . I am a single mom , 4 kids , youngest is 11. It sounds like a lot and it is but I also have help The children are helpful too. I don\u2019t particularly want to wear collar at night , and sometimes if i am just sitting in a chair  watching TV (rare) I do take collar off . I hope this all makes sense !", "title": "I just had my 5th spinal fusion pain right now is all muscle related, please advise?"}
{"text": "In the event that the fourth toe has been amputated, is it possible to do surgery to bring the remaining toes closet together and get rid of the gap/ space?, thank", "title": "My fourth toe has been amputated, is surgery possible to bring the remaining toes together?"}
{"text": "My son is 8 years old and has been having abnormal blood work for 2 years now and I\u2019m not sure what to ask the doctors to look into.  Unfortunately if I am not a bit forward we don\u2019t even get a call back about his blood work.Vitamin D 12/29/16 24   ng/mL\nMCHC      12/29/16 33.3 g/dL  7/27/16 34.2 g/dL  3/10/14 33.2\nHGB       12/29/16 13.0 g/dL  7/27/16 17.1 g/dL  3/10/14 13.5\nRBC       12/29/16 4.43       7/27/16 4.44       3/10/14 4.73He has many headaches, fatigue, is not very active. I brought him to a pediatric neurologist with our native clinic who only asked questions and did no tests.  It seems if I am not specific on what tests to run I really get nothing.  I have asked for vitamin D for him to get the levels up.  We live in Alaska, but at sea level and no one smokes.  I\u2019m concerned about the HGB levels and can\u2019t think of any reason for them to be up to speak with a doctor about", "title": "My son is 8 years old and has been having abnormal blood work for 2 years now?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is (\u2026), I\u2019m 53 year old female and I have a history of high blood pressure, acid reflux and enlarge thyroid with multiple nodules.  On my last ultrasound in 2014 it showed I had multiple nodules did a biopsy and they came back negative for cancer.  12/21/2016 I had another ultrasound done and it came back with multiple nodules, but this time their larger and hypoectoic, been having a lot of pain in my throat along with some choking when I eat, or drink something and my voice has change to were it\u2019s deeper.  Can you tell me just want is going on with me.  I want to just have it removed and be done with the unlikely chances that it\u2019s cancer.\nThanks", "title": "multiple nodules, now larger and hypoectoic?"}
{"text": "29 year old male.  Original symptoms were chest pain,  weakness on the left side,  and  my throat feeling tight on the left side.  Had several ekg\u2019s, blood tests for hear attack,  electrolytes, and thyroid. All cane back normal.  For the past 2 weeks my hearthroat still pounds, and I still have the left side pain,  but even more so o have servere head pain.  The basecond of my skull and back of my neck hurt, my jaw hurts,  I have severe pain on the top of my head,  behind my eyes and my nose and in my cheeks.  I am dizzy and get nauseous, and my muscles always feel weak. I am waiting to see my pcp, I was told to relax so I took a 12 day vacation and it\u2019s getting worse. I don\u2019t know what to do.\nI have tried Tylenol,  ibuprofen. Aspirin, flonase, and nothing has helped. I have been applying heat to the back of my head and neck to try and ease the pain. The only thing that makes a difference is pushing down on the top of my skull gives me minor relief for a short period of time.  No fever,  but I get hot and cold spells,  the pressure gets worse through the day and has destrogen my quality of life. Im afraid to work,  to exercise,  to do anything.  I of course look up symptoms online and make myself more anxious. But I\u2019m really trying not to\nI have a history of brain cancer and heart disease and clots in my family,  so that fear is there,  but this pain has slowly been growing worse day after day with no relief and I don\u2019t understand it. My pulse feels fine everywhere I check it, and my mucus is Normal colored and my nose is not stuffy. Is there anything I should request from my pcp", "title": "Chest pain,  weakness on the left side,  and  my throat feeling tight on the left side?"}
{"text": "I have had balanitis for 5 years now and would like to know if circumcision is the best treatment plus I have not visited the doctor at all because I am too embarrasse", "title": "I have had balanitis for 5 years now, what is best treatment?"}
{"text": "Female Age 52. She has Scleroderma and takes the following medication:Thyroxine, Folic Acid, Ferrous Sulphate, Nexium and Metotrexate. Symptoms -contraction of the jaw (mouth passage), tightening of the skin all over the body, Joint pains, loss of apetite, cannot walk and confined to Bed, Low Blood Count, passes Blood with feces and urine ( sometimes). Has a sore above the Buttocks which causes severe pain", "title": "Contraction of the jaw, tightening of the skin, cannot walk and confined to bed?"}
{"text": "35 year old Female\nA year ago: Woke up with my upper left arm in pain. (where the deltoid and the bicep meet) At first, it felt similar to the feeling of a body part \u201cfalling asleep\u201d. The pain progressed rapidly. On a scale of one to ten I experienced a ten. The pain was so deep, as if I was being tortured from inside my arm, that I could not use my whole left arm. Shooting down to my fingers. I immediately took ibuprofen about 1500 milligrams. Once the pills took the pain away I was exhausted from the pain and my arm was sore. No trauma or surgeries. All I can think of is I do sleep with my arm raised above my head. But I never had problems sleeping that way before. 6 months later it was happening again. Same arm same spot. Although the second time I immediately took ibuprofen. Almost a year later after the second incident I experienced it again. Except the pain was now affecting the right upper arm. Same pain same spot. Opposite arm. This third time was about a week ago", "title": "Woke up with my upper left arm in pain?"}
{"text": "Age 54\nMale\nTake blood pressure medication I have bad balance and a very weak right hand I cannot put my pinky and thumb together\nI also have lower right back pain and the muscle just under the bend of my right hand is paining and also just under my right shoulder and my right leg the lower muscle pains\nWhat is my problem????\nThis has been getting progressively wors", "title": "I have pain and limited movement along right body side?"}
{"text": "Tested negative twice for gonorrhea and chlamydia. Have vaginal discharge and pain. My urethra feels swollen and I can pee frequently although I can also hold on to my urine. I have had cipro, azithromycin, doxycycline, metronidazle and levoflaxin in the past two months. No improvements. Waiting for smear results but swab showed lots of pus cells and was shown to be moderate staph. My gyne didn\u2019t seem convinced this was causing the issue. I\u2019m at a loss about what to do next", "title": "Have vaginal discharge and pain, gynecologist doesn\u2019t believe staph infection, what do I do next?"}
{"text": "Hi, my mother was diagnosed with multiple myeloma 3 years ago. She is currently taking thalidomide and dexamethasone and some medications to control her diabetes and is doing well to keep the multiple myeloma condition controlled (lab results are good since she started taking thalidomide).Few months ago she started having a swollen eye on her right eye and has been seeing multiple doctors and received different treatments that did not help. Recently she was referred to the autoimmune specialist and was told that the swollen eye was causes by autoimmune reaction and was diagnosed with anterior uveitis.  She was then prescribed another medication.Two days ago, that swollen eye got much worse and now there is a cloudy area on her lens. See attached picture.Do you think this is a condition caused by her multiple myeloma condition or just severe anterior uveitis? Is there a possibility of her having eye cancer?In addition, is there any treatment that can be recommended to treat her eye condition?Thank you so much for any insight that can be provided", "title": "My mother was diagnosed with multiple myeloma, now cloudy eye lens is it eye cancer?"}
{"text": "I have a rash on my face it popped up about 3 days ago", "title": "I have a rash on my face?"}
{"text": "32 year old female. I take zytomil 10mg a day for depression. Have terrible heart palpitations since last year june 2015. I take purbloka 10mg 3 x a day.(only if they bug me and mostly take it during the night). Question is why does my heart race so much after eating, drinking, walking short distances like 1km, deep breathing etc. I do know that excess worry and stress cause this too.Also i sweat constantly. I was on high blood pressure tablets amilorectic 5mg tablets but have stopped as they dont help with the sweating and every time i check my bp its normal. Havent taken pills since last year September", "title": "Have terrible heart palpitations Also I sweat constantly"}
{"text": "My 18 yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in June. Two days afterwards she had bilateral swelling in the supraclavical area of neck.  They are the size of lg eggs.  The size changes daily.  Now 7 months later she gets choked when eating and says the areas hurt.  We have been to family Dr three times, two different ent\u2019s, an endocrinologist.  She has had ultrasound, MRI & been tested for Cushing\u2019s. All of which were negative.  Neurosurgeon says not from surgery.  We have been told not going to die from it since it\u2019s both sides, that its just fat, andi have noidea but its not normal.  Please help my daughter!  We are so tired of no answers", "title": "My 18 yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in June, now 7 months later she gets choked when eating?"}
{"text": "Im a 24year old female and I\u2019ve had nasal polyps in the pass and had them surgically removed and for the last fell weeks now I\u2019ve been feeling a lot of pain and pressure on only the left side of me face with constant runny nose the mucus is mornings is a yellow hard rubbery texture to it and then later in the day it clear. I find myself always wiping my nose as it\u2019s always dripping. For 3 days/nights my nose still runs but I feel it completely blocked, I\u2019ve been having moderate pain on the left side of my face and only gets worse if I lay down especially on my side.", "title": "I\u2019ve had nasal polyps had them surgically removed now painful, what can I do?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with gastritis this past April. I took omeprozole for 5 months then stopped. I started taking it again Monday. I have heavy pressure in my tummy area(upper abdominal) for the last week and a half. I\u2019m thinking this is stomach inflammation? My GI  is not available for 3 weeks. Do you have any suggestions for relief? I\u2019m desperate. My diet has not been the greatest but I have been avoiding Soda and high fat foods. I do drink coffee in the morning. I can\u2019t think of anything else I should tell you", "title": "I was diagnosed with gastritis I now have stomach inflammation?"}
{"text": "I recently was in a car accident and suffered a severe concussion i woke up this morning and my left arm was\nparalyzed will this go away on its own", "title": "I suffered a severe concussion, arm now paralyzed?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor,I am 31 years old. I would like to know if there is any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage (second pregnancy with no previous history of miscarriage or complications). My pregnany was blighted ovum and naturally miscarried at 14 weeks with gestation of 7 weeks on ultrasound on 12 weeks check up. Thank you", "title": "Do I have any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 42 yr old male, take zanax 2 ml a day as needed my right hand went numb today and these two bumps appears , when I bend my wrist it snaps it hurts!!!", "title": "My hand went numb today?"}
{"text": "I am sorry if my text will have some mistakes (I live in Czech Republic) or it will be hard to understand but those things are insane. I am 16 y.o. girl. For a long time a have periodically (2 months =I have it, 3-4=I don\u2019t) some problems with limbs on left side of my body. It started few years ago when I started feeling weakness and numbness sometimes. When I was just sitting and then I got up, my whole left leg got in some sort of strange spasm. My leg was numb at the beginning, because of numbness I couldn\u2019t move my leg in the knee, even if I tried my best I couldn\u2019t flex it. Then I felt plucking and a small pain. After maybe 10 seconds it ended and my leg just feeled very tired for a while, but then it was OK again. That is happening almost every time I got up, I start walking after still standing for a while (pedestrian crossings \u2013 this was dangerous sometimes!), OR when someone scares me, I change walking on running or many others. My left hand is \u201cjust\u201d weak for a while, but it doesn\u2019t have any starters.\nI lived with those problems few years and doctors from neurology and orthopedics didn\u2019t tell me anything so I just learned how to live with those struggles, but now I am really scared. Few days back I was sleeping and then one of my spasm came. Normally I don\u2019t have to do anything and my leg is automatically straight even if I was sleeping, but at that moment my leg was slowly moving to my breast. I knew it shouldn\u2019t been happening and I was quite scared so I tried to move it but I couldn\u2019t move with anything on my body. I realized that I wasn\u2019t able to breathe and my whole body was in a spasm. I was so scared. I was moving on my bed for a while, in my head I heard a horrible buzz. Then I don\u2019t know how it ended and I woke up in the morning. That happened few nights after that again and today again. But I felt how my leg is moving and my neck  was bending on my back (that was happening) and I moved. I felt how it was coming again and again and I am really scared. What is it?", "title": "My leg has had spasms for some time, now  I had total body spasm?"}
{"text": "I had neck and back fusion c3 t2 I\u2019ve been told that for my first surgery it was radical. I had surgery on April 20, 2016\n Since this surgery I am in constant pain. I was told by my surgeon I would be able to do everything I use to. Well now I can\u2019t work have weight limitations that stop me from doing the work I was promised by the surgeon. I was very worried about my range of motion, he the surgeon reassured me I would not have any problems. Well I do. I have dolts protruding of the back of my neck that sticks out a quarter of an inch. My shoulders arms and hands hurt worse than before surgery. I haven\u2019t worked for nearly a year I feel so betrayed by this surgeon. I could have had a frontal surgery done without titanium bars down both sides of my spine but he convinced me that his surgery would be better to my benefit and better right better way of life I\u2019d like to get these paid 20 + bars taken out of my back since it was an unnecessary procedure there is nothing wrong with my vertebrae is from C7 to T2 I went in and talked to him on August 18th 2016 and asked him about the titanium bars and why they did this since it was unnecessary The Doctors Associates said they did it because to prevent further deterioration. It was bad enough I feel I was lied to, no one told me what to expect after this surgery. The healing time I was told would be 4-6 weeks it\u2019s been eight months. Is this malpractice or just a greedy surgeon. Everything in my back is so tight it hurts to move the shower to do anything normal that I used to do please give me some advice about having a surgery and Get These Bars taking out is that possibl", "title": "I had neck and back fusion c3 t2, surgery went bad, can I get bars out?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI have a 24 month old daughter who haven\u2019t had any medical problem since birth. Recently on checking her eyes i noticed a brown ring around her iris (as seen on the attached image) and iam worried if this is a kayser-Freischer ring, an indication of a liver disease", "title": "My daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-Freischer ring?"}
{"text": "While on the recreation street drug ecstasy, I got a massage. I was faced down and my eyes were pressured as the masseuse worked my upper back. Afterwards, I was sleepy and had to force my eyes open to stay awake. That\u2019s when my eyes made a popping noise. After that, I experienced permanent blurred light vision (over a year). More specifically, bright LED lights at night are the only lights that will blur and only at a distance. What is the cause of my vision impairment, and is there a cure", "title": "I have experienced permanent blurred light vision (over a year)?"}
{"text": "Age 19, Female.\nPain in my throat woke me up in the middle of the night, follow by pain in both of my ears? I took a pic of my throat and you can see red with some yellow bumps ,? What is wrong with me", "title": "I have yellow bumps in my throat?"}
{"text": "24 Female White. 5\u20197\u2033, 160lb. Currently on 80mg Latuda and 20mg Trintillex daily. I smoke everyday (I know.) and have caffeine everyday. I have depression and I had hyperthyroidism. (Had a partial thyroidectomy about two months ago for a hot nodule, labs are almost normal.)I just read my EKG and the cardiologist said there was \u201cmoderate right axis deviation.\u201d Also \u201cnormal sinus rhythm with marked sinus arrythmia.\u201d\nThere was also a lot of artifact though. Could it have been a false positive because of the crappy quality of the EKG?I have had 3 other EKGs done in the last year and a half. All are normal sinus rhythm with sinus arrythmia. I have had palpitations since January. They happen every day for 5 seconds to 1 minute. Most episodes last about 30 seconds. Episodes occur at least 5x a day. I get frequent chest pain. It\u2019s mostly left sided. Very mild. About a 3/10. Pain occurs several times throughout the day and lasts about 5 seconds. My resting heart rate is about 80bpm. I have had high blood pressure (140/90) for about 3 weeks now.", "title": "EKG says there was \u201cmoderate right axis deviation.\u201d  \u201cnormal sinus rhythm with marked sinus arrythmia.\u201d ?"}
{"text": "Hello. I\u2019m a 27-year-old woman. I have been suffering from joint disease for 2 months. About 17 days ago when i felt much better i decided to use infrared sauna because of good information about it online. I thought it would be useful for my disease. After 3 times using infrared sauna I started feeling hurt at all joints in my body. And i stopped using it after 7 times. Now i have stopped for 1 weeks. But all my joints still hurt alot. Although i never feell hurt at some those joints before. Why this happed to me? How can i make this symptom disappear? Please help\nme!!!", "title": "I have been suffering from joint disease for 2 months?"}
{"text": "Hello there!\nI\u2019m 18 and a female. I have boils all over my scalp and I could see pus coming out of it. I consulted many doctors and they said it is due immune deficiency. Quite often it (boils) gets lesser and dissappears but at the initial days of menstrual cycle it starts. It gives me severe pain that even if I try to rest my head on a pillow, it\u2019s unbearable. Kindly please help me with a solution to get rid of this permanently.\nThank you.\nWaiting for your respons", "title": "I have boils all over my scalp and I could see pus coming out of it?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 33 weeks pregnant, 27 yrs old,  I have got tietze syndrome and currently suffering from siactia, SPG and Braxton Hicks. I\u2019m in a lot of pain with my ribs this past week and was wondering if it would be best to have my baby earlier and by C-section.\nI\u2019m barely coping with the pain,  I\u2019m on crutches for my SGP but they are making my tietze syndrome worsen.\nI\u2019m trying to get as much bed rest as possible  and taking 30mg of codine as needed but it\u2019s starting to not work as well as it did.\nPlease help as I\u2019m in pain 24/7 and just want this to be over.\nThank yo", "title": "I\u2019m 33 weeks pregnant and I\u2019m in a lot of pain?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) and I have a problem with not being able to get an erection I have asthma and copd it as been going on for months now and it\u2019s really frustrating what can I do I am 54 years old and not really in good health I really need hel", "title": "I have asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and Erectile dysfunction (ED)"}
{"text": "I am a 25 years old female and last month i had a Pap test and HPV test done. The HPV test resulted negative but the Pap test resulted abnormal. The doctor said that i have carcinogenic cells with bacterial nature. About two years ago i had the first HPV test done (not at the same hospital) and it resulted positive, i had two of the most dangerous types of HPV but now i don\u2019t. Should i be worried because i got really confused.\nThank you", "title": "The doctor said that i have carcinogenic cells with bacterial nature?"}
{"text": "I am 29 years old & a male. I was diagnosed with prehypertension about two years ago and I\u2019ve been on medication (lisinopril 5mg & amlodipinie 5mg). Last month,I started having stomach pains and gas in my stomach. I completed a triple antibiotic medication after an Endoscopy. Symptoms reduced a little but I still get the bloated tummy with gas. I experience flatulence and belch still. I\u2019ve been having severe headaches and my mouth feels very dry with whitish saliva. I have sore throat now. Kindly assist", "title": "I\u2019ve been having severe headaches and my mouth feels very dry and bloated tummy?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 30 female the only medical conditions I have are anxiety and panic attacks.About 6 months ago I noticed this rash on my leg it\u2019s only got worse.it itches and feels hot . It\u2019s raised and bumpy.My leg feels like it\u2019s tender with a constant ache", "title": "I have rash on my leg it\u2019s only got worse, it itches and feels hot?"}
{"text": "Male, 53, heavy drinker and smoker. My brother\u2019s left shoulder blade has had a stabbing pain for two weeks. Radiates down left arm, very painful getting worse every day. Has no insurance, has not been to a doctor in many years. Today his arm is numbing and left hand no feeling. Need to find some way to get him to a doctor because he will not go. Perhaps if I knew what it could be it would help get him there", "title": "left shoulder blade has had a stabbing pain, arm is numbing and left hand no feeling"}
{"text": "33, Female, no doctor info, no insurance yet. My left eye started to water excessively, & proceed to start pussing! It was gone in about 3 full days. I started to notice the same thing is starting in my right eye, but before I could even get ne medicine for it, it jumped back to my left eye! What\u2019s going on?", "title": "I have alternating irritated and bloodshot eyes?"}
{"text": "My father has paralysis on left part. he got paralysis in 2012 due to brain hemorrhage\nNow a days his left leg is paining a lot in night. He often wakes up and suffered a lot.\nPlease suggest what to do. His age is 63 years.\nHe is taking telmas", "title": "My father has paralysis in his left leg is in pain?"}
{"text": "37 y/o male active\n2010 laminectomy l5/s1\n11/28/16 facet blocks l4/l5\n12/20/16-Tuesday was admitted to hospital with severe back pain with no known cause of injury.\nGiven diluated, Valium, gabapentin,\nEpidural l4/l5 on thurday 12/22/16\nPain resolving having nerve pain/weakness down l4 nerve root.\nMy question is: would the laminectomy of l5/s1 disk affect the disk above l4/l5 causing it to herniated over time due to increase pressure placed on it from laminectom", "title": "Would my laminectomy of l5/s1 disk affect the disk above l4/l5 causing it to herniate?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am 26 years old male.\nI have long term diarrhea and it doesn\u2019t stop for months.\nSo I consulted at a local hospital taking blood test and supersonic body check, and also had an endoscope.\nThe result was fine \u2013 blood test was fine, liver wasn\u2019t bad, but had a bit of atrophic gastritis \u2013 not serious I was said.\nAnd they asked me to take tetracycline and loperamid(if tetra doesn\u2019t work). So took tetra 3 days and loperamid 1 day. At first it looked like it\u2019s working but after couple of weeks, I was having diarrhea again. I took tetra and loperamid, but it temporarily fix the problem and it comes again.\nI am living with other friends and they are fine, so guess it\u2019s not the food. And yes, when I drink beer even a cup, it gets very serious. What kind of treatment should I do and what kind of additional check should I take", "title": "I have long term diarrhea and it doesn\u2019t stop for months?"}
{"text": "I am 61 year old male having congenital diaphragmatic eventration. I am an active cyclist. Is it is advisable for me to go for Himalayan trekking at altitude about 14000 ft. I am concerned about high altitude sickness and lack of oxygen at higher altitudes. pl advic", "title": "I have congenital diaphragmatic eventration, is Himalayan trekking advisable?"}
{"text": "I am a 49 year old female I have been having a lot of pain in my head, neck, left arm and lower back. I had a mri done back in August of this year. I have had pain shots but they only last a day or so but the pain doesnt completely go away, just makes it more bearable. I have appointments to see a neurologist in January and a Neurosurgeon in February. I dont really understand any of what this says, a nurse practitioner is the one who order the mri done because of the headaches and numbness to 2 of the fingers on my left hand. I havent been in a car accident. xrays showed degenerative changes in my neck and back.  Here are the results of the mri. If someone could tell me anything about the or the seriousness I would so greatly appreciate it.Central disc bulging is noted at C2-C3. A small disc protrusion is noted at C3-C4 impinging on the thecal sac. At C4-C5 there is a tiny disc protrusion slightly impinging on the thecal sac. At C5-C6 there is a central disc protrusion impinging on the thecal sac. There is minimal retrolisthesis of the C5.\nIMPRESSION- Disc protrusion is seen indenting the thecal sac from C3 to C6. Thecal sac appears to be flattened from C3 to C7. There is no syrinx or tonsillar herniation note", "title": "Pain in head, neck, left arm and lower back, xray shows degeneration, here are my MRI results?"}
{"text": "10 month old, female, with reoccurring ear infections put on Biaxin Dec 23rd and for the last 2 days has watery beige/clay colored diarrhea. she has passed 6 stools in the last 45 minutes. frequency is increasing. but my main concern is the color. a listed side effect related to the liver is clay colored stools. she has no known drug or food allergie", "title": "10 month old female has clay colored stools, is it a liver problem?"}
{"text": "Dear Dr.My father (age 74) admitted two weeks before in Rajiv Gandhi hospital at Chennai. After report (CT SCAN, BIOPSY) We came to know last week my father have the stomach cancer (Esophagus gastric junction). due to his age/fitness factor the doctors is unable to do the surgery/chemo/radiation therapy. Please advice the solution asa", "title": "My father diagnosed with stomach cancer, is not treatable, please advise?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m 21 years old, I have a constant pressure on my bladder all the time where it feels like I need to pee but I don\u2019t. The only time it actually feels okay is when my bladder is actually full when I drink a lot of water. I\u2019ve been waking up in the early mornings like 6am having a lot of pee when I didn\u2019t drink very much and my boyfriend has been having the same issue- where he wakes up around 6 and peeing a lot when he didn\u2019t even drink anything the night before. I have no infection and have had many tests but all are normal. It\u2019s been months now", "title": "I have a constant pressure on my bladder?"}
{"text": "I AM 51 YR. OLD FEMALE AND WAS VERY ATHLETIC 5 YRS. AGO AND NOW SWIM AND BIKE ONLY,\nI HAVE A CYST ON THE LEFT FOOT, BUT AFTER A WEEK ON MY FEET I HAVE SEVERE PAIN IN RIGHT FOOT\nAND CAN BARELY WALK I SEE SOME SWELLING AROUND ANKLE AND AM THINKING IT COULD BE ARTHRITIS AND AM THINKING IT COULD BE MORE  THEN THAT??  MY LEFT ANKLE IS ALSO SORE, ALSO\nMY MOTHER SUGGEST NOT TO WEAR FLIP FLOPS AROUND THE HOUSE WORKING.\nSHOULD I GET A X-RAY", "title": "HAVE A CYST ON THE LEFT FOOT, NOW I HAVE SEVERE PAIN IN RIGHT FOOT?"}
{"text": "My daughter is 5 years old and having problem of pain in legs doctor suggest for two tests 1. Haematology 2. Serology\nAs per doctor result is not good esr is 44 and aso titre is 400. What i have to do for my daughter. Is there any treatment or something alse please help m", "title": "5 year old daughter has leg pain, doctors suggested Haematology &. Serology?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am a 34 year old female w/an extensive medical history. Mostly due to botched bariatric surgery & about 13 surgeries since the initial surgery in 2/2011. I ended up getting into a car accident on 5/2016 & my malabsorption (bariatric surgery that left me w/short gut, horrible absorbing of food/meds/liquid/vitamins/etc that requires numerous blood/fluid/TPN/platelets/potassium/etc transfusions & infusions) has caused me to be on VERY high doses of opiate medications + TPN mostly. My Pain Mgmnt doctor placed an intrathecal pain pump implant for dilaudid & baclofen (spelling?) to be inserted into the pump on 12/2/2016. Well, after it was placed, 2 was post-op he stated that I have to be off all opiate medicine for \u201c3 weeks\u201d before he\u2019ll place the medications in my pump. How is this possible!? If I\u2019m ok w/o pain control for 3 wks, then, why do I need a pump implanted? Does this sound like common practice to anyone else that\u2019s a physician? My sister is an internal medicine doctor, not a pain specialist but will be going w/me to my appointment to pose these questions in January, doesn\u2019t understand this \u201cplan\u201d either. Furthermore, the detox place that he had me call just as a \u201cback up if I need inpatient care\u201d & they said they\u2019re not \u201cin the business of \u2018drying out someone so they can go back to the same medications & don\u2019t really know anyone that would do that. If my plan is to stay w/him, I need to know that going into his plan, no detox place will be on that plan w/him. However, I might want to seek a 2nd & 3rd opinion.\u201d Thank you-bye. So, my question is: Does this seem normal practice or should I find another Neuroscience/Pain Managment doctor? Thank you", "title": "Doctor placed an intrathecal pain pump implant for dilaudid & baclofen, is it justified?"}
{"text": "my 37 yr old son in law is laid off, un-insured, and NO income.  At birth he was diagnosed and treated surgically throughout years   with conditon \u2013 Hypospadius.   Recently and currently he is experiencing severe pain and difficulty urinating.  We have no money,  I am retired on Social Security but it breaks my heart to see him in this pain.  Is there anything we can do to help him at this time.  He is trying to find work with Medical Insurance, but at this time negative", "title": "Diagnosed and treated for Hyospadus, experiencing severe pain and difficulty urinating?"}
{"text": "I am 54 yrs. old female. Having problems with major joint pain all over my body. My hands will also fall sleep. If I sit for 10-15 mins. and get back up it takes me a few mins. I will knot up or have pain trying to stand", "title": "Having problems with major joint pain all over my body?"}
{"text": "Nationality: Egyptian\nResidence: EgyptI suffer from some symptoms which can be summarized as the following:-Dizziness and continuous headache.\n-Ear fullness and tinnitus.\n-Blurring of vision.\n-Numbness sensation in the back.\n-Pricking sensation in both legs.\n-Amnesia, dyspnoea and numbness involving the areas of chest\nand abdomen.\n-Disequilibrium and drowsiness.\n-Pain, crackling in the jaw with closed-bite malocclusion.\n-Sinusitis.\n-Muscular cramps are present sometimes.An incident:\nI was smoking a cigarette and suddenly heard chest wheezes; then\ndyspnoea took place, accompanied with muscle cramps in both arms\nand feet, as if electrically shocked.\nI suffered to reach the definite diagnosis which explains the\nabove mentioned symptoms.The local doctors diagnosed my case as:\n-Sinusitis,\n-Jaw dislocation,\n-Anxiety and stress; (and this is untrue because I don\u2019t experience any\nstresses or dysphoria, and I feel psychological stability).I\u2019m completely ready to do any clinical, radiological or laboratory\ninvestigations to reach the accurate diagnosis for my case", "title": "I suffer from dyspnoea with muscle cramps in arms and feet?"}
{"text": "44 female\u2026i had a car wreck in october 2011\u2026 They replaced my hip and put radiation in it to kill the bone. Can that be causing my otber bones to become brittle and break easily? Id never had a broken bone until that wreck and now it seems i can barely trip and my bones snap\u2026i have no insurance so I\u2019ve broken 5 bones in a year.", "title": "Hip replaced with radiation, now my bones are weak?"}
{"text": "I went to the ER about a month ago for chest pains that i\u2019ve been having weeks prior, they did an ekg which turned out fine and a blood pressure check which was good. They said it\u2019s costochondritis and what not. When i did research on it, the pain wasnt where it said it should be. In the space where my breast are separated, on the left side and the right side is where my pain is. Also i have upper back pain in the middle and shoulder pain. Is it really costochondritis? Plus i know i should\u2019ve went to the doctor for a check up since it\u2019s been hurting for about a full month but the thing is, it\u2019s a come and go pain. I never have it continuously. Some days it won\u2019t hurt, some days it will hurt. Anyway, thoughts?Female | 19 | i\u2019m currently taking iron supplements and vitamin c, as well as birth control pills", "title": "Do I have  costochondritis?"}
{"text": "pain in testicles. pain in lower abdomen. some pain in rectum. loss of sensation during sex. some urgency during urination. ongoing problem for two or more years. went to urologist and he had me on ciprofloxacin for three months. seemed to help a little bit. had ultrasounds of testicles and liver. the doctor did say i might have a fatty liver problem. no signs of testicular cancer or prostate cancer. could it be cancer somewhere else in my body? PLEASE HELP. i only have crappy state provided insurance and i have a hard time even finding a urologist near me that will take my insurance.age 32 years\nheight 5\u2032 8\u2033\nweight 18", "title": "Pain in testicles, lower abdomen, rectum, is it fatty liver?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI am 29 yr old female last year diagnosed with endometrioma in both ovaries (5cm and 3.5cm).Recently i got my other test done reports are(Day2 of cycle)\nFsh:5.5\nLh:5.3\nTsh:1.96\nAmh:6.8\nProlaktin serum:8.5\nMy Amh levels are bit high now i want to know do i suffer from pcos along with endometriosis or these amh levels are fine.Now i want to start my family what are my chances of conception?Should i go for laproscopy", "title": "diagnosed with endometrioma in both ovaries do I also have Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)?"}
{"text": "i am 75 year old female. my urine has a bad smell and is cloudy (what can be wrong?", "title": "My urine has a bad smell and is cloudy, what can be wrong?"}
{"text": "26 year old female. Searing, gnawing, burning pain in low back and sacrum region. After being pregnant for two years and having two babies I started having low back pain months past last delivery. Nothing major though, but it would continue to flare up resulting in new symptoms (such as tingling in lower extremities, sharp pains in hips, frequent small amounts of urination, trouble urinating, pains with bowel movements) and an increase in the constant pain. Two years later from when it started I just cant take it anymore its relentless and nothing helps. I went to the ER and they did a ct scan without contrast. But it came back unremarkable on everything. I picked up my ct scan to review myself because I don\u2019t know what else to do and my doctor and the specialist I seen won\u2019t do any further testing. I just would like an opinion on some images. I also should note that in between pregnancies my menstrual cycles were extremely painful equally to labor contraction pains. (It would only let me choose one photo.)", "title": "Searing, gnawing, burning pain in low back and sacrum region/"}
{"text": "18 female no medication , I have a lump at the bottom of my spine specifically the top of bum it almost feels like a giant marble that I am able to move ,its painful if I am sat down for long periods of time or am in a certain laying position I almost feel like it\u2019s structural and part of the bone rather than an abcess or boil,I fell backwards on my coccyx about 4 years ago and bruised it I don\u2019t know if it\u2019s something to do with that please advise thank", "title": "I have a lump at the bottom of my spine?"}
{"text": "Female , 39 years old. What are the risks in an endarterectomy for a 39 years old women (who is overweight)\nWith stenosis at 80% of the right carotidis. No symptoms.\nDiabetes and high blood pressur", "title": "What are the risks in an endarterectomy, for woman with stenosis at 80% of the right carotidis?"}
{"text": "I am a 26 yrs old Male, felt from the scooter on the knee with huge weight of the scooter along with one guy sitting in back\u2026..Now, 23 days have been passed I am on cylinder cast. DOctor told to get the MRI done. Report is attached for your reference. Can you please help me in getting the available treatment options & recovery time requiredMRI LEFT KNEEPROTOCOLS :\u00a0Sagittal\u00a0 :\u00a0 PD & TSE-T2W pulse sequences.\u00a0Coronal :\u00a0 T1WSE & STIR pulse sequences.\u00a0Axial\u00a0: TSET2W pulse sequence.\nFindings:ACL is edematous and its course is replaced by illdefined hyperintensities. Intercondylar soft tissue edema noted. PCL shows buckling but normal in attachments. Anterior tibial translation noted.\nCollateral ligaments are normal.\nTibio-femoral joint spaces are maintained with intact articular cartilages.\nFluid is seen in supra-patellar bursa extending to the knee joint recesses. Patellar and quadriceps tendon are normal.\nHorizontal grade III signal noted in posterior horn and body of medial meniscus. Anterior horn is normal. Lateral meniscus is normal.\n\u00a0\nVisualized bones show contusion.Changes of synovitis seen.\nVisualized muscles are normal in bulk and signal intensity.\nImpression:\u00a0MR imaging reveals joint effusion with :\n*\u00a0complete ACL tear.Changes of synovitis\u00a0\n*\u00a0Horizontal tear of posterior horn and body of medial meniscus", "title": "Damaged my knee, what are available treatment options & recovery time required?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m a 16 yo male. On the evening of November 29th, 2016, I began to feel a sudden twitch/spasm feeling in my stomach before bed. ( after wrestling practice ) The next morning, I started having that feeling again. It would happen almost every 5 minutes. I would feel it in my lower left & right abdomen. When I got home, I called my parents and told them what I was feeling. When we went to the ER, they told me they saw a little constipation in my Ultra sound/X-ray. They prescribed me laxative. A week later, the twitching moved to my upper abdomen. So we went to the ER again because I thought it was serious. ( Keep in mind the twitching feeling hasn\u2019t went away since I first started feeling it. ) They ran some tests on my blood, and told me they didn\u2019t find anything bad. They also said it could be because of a change in my diet since I wrestle, or dehydration. A few weeks later, I\u2019ve noticed some weight loss. I haven\u2019t been working out or anything since 11/29 either. I also added fruit/vegetables in my diet (rarely ate fruits and veggies) also been drinking hot water first thing in the morning. Today is 12/26/16 & I still feel twitching/spasms in my abdomen. Hasn\u2019t been happening almost every 5 minutes unlike what I was feeling 11/29. What do you think is causing this?", "title": "I began to feel a sudden twitch/spasm feeling in my stomach, went to ER twice, no solution?"}
{"text": "47 years female. I had an accident four weeks back and injury on my foot upper tow. Plaster is applied since that day. What do you think", "title": "I had an accident four weeks back and injured my foot"}
{"text": "What can be done when heyerotooic ossification breaks off and is causing pain? 17yr old female who had hip arthroscopy in Aug. 2015 heterotopic bond formed off of the acetabalum and  xRays were taken it has now broken off causing pain what is the treatment for this", "title": "What can be done when Heterotopic ossification breaks off?"}
{"text": "I had a miscarriage about two months ago I was plus minus 4weeks and the doctor I had seen when I started bleeding was a gp (it was my first time going to have as I was new in the area, I had only taken a digital pregnancy test and was yet to have an ultrasound done) he did an ultrasound and said I lost the ban y of I bleed more than 7dsys I should come back. I stopped on the 7th day but during this time when I bled I had passed lots of blood cloths and something that looked like a fetus. I only had sexual intercourse once after the miscarriage and my partner had \u201cpulled out\u201d I had my period a week after that. I have been getting slight morning sickness and feeling nauseous from certain foods and hardly eating. Could I be pregnant again? Could I have been pregnant with twins and the gp did not notice in the scan? I have taken a test and it says positive", "title": "I had a miscarriage, could I have lost only one of the twin babies?"}
{"text": "Hello.\nMy 5 month old baby doesn\u2019t reach His milestones, he seem to have pour eye contact, he ha\u0219 social smile and laughs but occasionally. I am suspecting him of autism or mental retardation. My question may surprise you: Could he be mentally retarded although he shows signs of intelligence like when I ask him where are the butterflies in His room he turns to look at them? And he does that since he was 4 months old and with some other objects too", "title": "My 5 month old baby doesn\u2019t reach his development milestones?"}
{"text": "I am 25 years old, female from Philippines. Since birth, I don\u2019t recall having sense of smell in anything except menthol oil and cream like Katinko and ammonia. Never been diagnose and have no physical problem nor internally in my nose. Do you know what is my problem?\nWhen I was a child, I was diagnose of esophageal varices and undergo of reverse splenorenal shunt operation and rectal biopsy. I am anemic and only medication I take is ferrous sulphate", "title": "Since birth, I don\u2019t recall having any sense of smell?"}
{"text": "52-year-old male. No known physical problems. Smoker. Recovering alcoholic. Currently take 50 mg Vyvanse and 1.5 of Klonopin. Have been diagnosed with general anxiety, OCD, ADD,and depression. Varying degrees of social anxiety. Prone to isolating. I cannot take any type of antidepressant at all without severe agitation; hence, Vyvanse is prescribed for ADD as well as last ditch \u201cantidepressant.\u201d My question: Every time I sleep, day or night, I have strange dreams I can\u2019t put a finger on. I\u2019m often very sad anxious and in some type of bad situation. THEN then real problem. I awake in absolute terror. I am pretty much completely dysfunctional for at least half an hour to two hours. The Vyvanse generally relieves it when it kicks in. It\u2019s as if my mind falls apart when off it. I never wake up happy to face the day, excited, etc., but instead face this each and every morning. If I nap in the day, I will awake with the same reaction AGAIN and, even though Vyvanse is still active, or should be, it\u2019s as if it wore off. This lessens if I sleep longer but I\u2019m prone to very much less than normal hours of sleep. I may even sleep less the more exhausted I am. I suspect some of it\u2019s psychological, a lot on my conscious from my alcoholic days, plus I have never been single this long and it is not by choice. Nevertheless, this is nothing like waking up in a bad mood. It\u2019s a full-throttle sensory attack accompanied my self-attacking thoughts and feelings, as if I\u2019m being destroyed, losing my mind. Once it passes, aside from fearing the recurrence on the worst days, I am \u201cnormal\u201d except for my usual anxiety, mostly social. Can you tell me some possible causes and solutions", "title": "When I wake up in the morning, I experience self-attacking thoughts and feelings?"}
{"text": "50 yr old black professional and healthy female.  Hysterectomy 5 yrs ago but still have overies. Current meds for htn norvac 10 mg qd past 2 yrs, estrace interval vagingal cream 3x weekly for the past 2 yrs. Had breast swelling of both breast and breast pain in both breast. Breast were tender like if you are pregnant. Not pregnant.\nRecent mammogram abnormal finding, same day had breast ultrasound small mass of concern in right and left breast.  Biospy (scheduled).  Needle. Is this safe and needed. Also can I avoid titanium marker. I keloid and think marker is dangerous", "title": "Recent mammogram abnormal finding, is biopsy needed?"}
{"text": "Something has been happening to me which is worrying.Im age 17 and a few months ago in class, i slipped and fell.That wasn\u2019t the worrying part.I landed on my knee and well it was just painful.Other than a minor bruise, i don\u2019t think it is anything servere.However,after about 10 seconds while sitting on a chair, i lost consciousness.It was probably due to the pain, but the pain wasnt even very major.When i regained consciousness, i was lying on the floor.My head felt heavy.Judging from my spectacles dirt on the lenses, i must have landed on my face.I dont feel much pain on my face however.\nToday, it happened again.My arm accidentally hit the table.Then after a few seconds(about 10), i fainted.When i regained consciousness, i was lying under the table. My head felt heavy as usual.\nI have asthma when i was much younger but I already  recovered from that a long time ago.Unofficially, i think i have vertigo, sweaty palms and slight tremor of hands", "title": "I lost consciousness twice, without any particular reason?"}
{"text": "She\u2019s 63 ginger and she had knee surgery in the past my grandma fell today and hit her knee and landed really hard on here ankle her ankle is now huge and swollen she won\u2019t go to the doctor what should I d", "title": "My grandma fell, her ankle is now huge and swollen?"}
{"text": "Hi! I am a 20 year old female. Lately I have been experiencing very shallow breathing. Additionally, my face starts to shiver, my eyes twitch uncontrollably, my hands tremor, my legs feel numb, my lip pulls to a certain side and I have difficulty speaking. I have been feeling very dizzy lately and I also experience extreme vertigo sometimes.I have been to a doctor during last week. She just took one look at me and said that I am stressed out, which makes no sense at all! I am not stressed, panicked, nervous or anxious whatsoever. I am a very chilled and relaxed person, plus, I am currently on holiday. So I literally have nothing to stress or worry about", "title": "I have been experiencing very shallow breathing, shivers, legs feel numb?"}
{"text": "59 y/o female with bulging perineum. Weight Increased in past 3 years by 40 lbs, now weigh 190, 5\u20194\u2033.   Defacography done two weeks ago shows a cystocele, rectocele, entereocele and complete rectal prolapse, extending approx 1\u2033 past anus during elimination only.HX of:\n4 vaginal births\n1st delivery posterior presentation w/excessive pushing, forcep delivery, 14 1/2\u2033 head\nVaginal Hystorectomy with BSO at age 40 with cystocele repair and Breast Reduction\nRectocele Repair via transperineal approach at age 48\nFibromyalgia DX x 15 years\nGreat Saphenous Veins removed via Thermal technique 1-2 years ago.\nGluten allergy (swelling of Upper and lower extremities and face)I take the following meds and supplements:\n fexofenadine for allergies\nSpironolactone for mineares (sp?)\nNature-throid for hypothyroidism\nTurkey Rhubabrb to prevent constipation, no problems x 10 years\nKrill Oil\nOmega fish Oil\nMelatonin\nPRN Meds:\nValacyclovir for sores on mouth\nEsgic for head aches and painA Dr. Has recommended all four surgeries be done at the same time.  Is this too much for me to go through?  How long would it take for all four of my surgeries? The Cystocele will be done by a Urologist and the rest by a colon rectal specialist. (The same Dr. Who did my Rectocele Repair 11 years ago.)Also, I wasn\u2019t given any other option for repairing the rectal prolapse than a laparoscopic anterior low resection.  Is this my only option", "title": "A Dr. has recommended four surgeries be done at the same time, is this too much?"}
{"text": "Blurred vision, Dizziness, Nausea, Hot Blushes and Pounding Heart.?My father has coronary heart disease. This evening before dinner, he took his heart and blood pressure medicines. He had a large dinner containing white rice, coke and bread right after he drunk a cup of tea with sugar. He\u2019s been told he\u2019s prediabetic close to diabetic and after the dinner he experienced symptoms like blurring vision, lightheadness, nausea, hot face and his heart  was  beating a little faster which i reckon he got scared that\u2019s why. Do you think the signs were due to his high blood sugar from drinking the rice, coke, bread and the tea or his blood preassure dropped due to the medicine and as he had a very physical day today which we all know excercises or movements reduce blood pressure. Or did he get hear attack\u2026 i don\u2019t think that\u2019s the case becuase he had no chest or shoulder pain or shortness of breath. He also suffers from depression and anxiety but i don\u2019t think was the case today too.Please let me know if it\u2019s dangerous", "title": "Blurred vision, Dizziness, Nausea, Hot Blushes and Pounding Heart.?"}
{"text": "Hi am 32 years, 6 weeks pregnant. TSH 6.61. Last pregnancy ended in 9 weeks because of blighted ovum, no heart beat and TSH reached 9.11. Never been on thyroid tablets. But took it during 2 weeks of last pregnancy but it was stopped after because the TSH value came down to 3.1. I am self medicating myself with thyronorm 75 mcg  because i am unable to get any GP appointment as i dont want to loose the baby this time", "title": "I am self medicating myself with thyronorm 75 mcg, I don\u2019t want to lose my baby this time?"}
{"text": "I am a 44-year-old man not on any medications. I have had 2 spinal surgeries about 10 yrs ago but in otherwise generally good heath. I was working outside a week ago and suddenly passed out and when i woke up I started to throw up black after throwing up twice I passed back out. When i woke up again I realized I had hit my head and had a good size abrasion on my right temple. Ever sense this happened I have total numbness of  my right thumb. Numbness to the point of painful. I have never passed out before or had numbness like this. Wondering what could be the cause of passing out the black vomit and now total numbness", "title": "I fainted, hit my head, vomited black, now feel numbness?"}
{"text": "For many years now I have had what I call seizure like events when I am sometimes stressed out. I don\u2019t know of any particular triggers that cause them. What happens is what feels like an an involuntary burst of energy that seems to come from my upper body or mind area (I can\u2019t tell for certain), that last maybe half a second, recurs every two seconds, and may last a minute or two. The additional symptoms are my eyes lids follow the burst by closing when it starts, and opening when it stops, my body mildly responds the burst, there is ear pressure that rises and dissipates with each spasm, and a mild reflexive upwelling or spasm from my torso out toward my throat. Thank you", "title": "I have seizure like events?"}
{"text": "My husband has been sick for a week or so and his dr put him on an antibiotic an inhaler and some cough syrup with codeine. Today at work he was sitting at his desk and broke out in a cold sweat and felt nauseated and dizzy. He leaned back in his chair and apparently passed out because he woke up and had vomited all down his shirt. Could you please tell me what you think that may have been", "title": "My husband has been sick for a week has cold sweat, feels nauseated and dizzy?"}
{"text": "My sister had her spleen out, after that she had several blood clots form, they said they cannot break up due to their size and how many their are. She has been on blood thinners for years. She now had an enlarged artery burst and is bleeding internally into the area where her spleen was.  They tried to go in through the two arteries where they thought it was bleeding, couldn\u2019t get past the blood clot on one, and the other was not the one bleeding. Basically they say they\u2019ve done what they can. Isn\u2019t there a specialist somewhere that knows how to deal with it? Mayo Clinic also says theres nothing they could do.  Shes a 30yr old Femal", "title": "Blood clots cannot be broken up, doctors say there is nothing left to do, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I am a 33 y/o Caucasian female with no family medical history of thyroid issues or thyroid cancer (family medical history: my father has diabetes and bipolar disorder, my sister and I myself have bipolar disorder, and there are no other significant medical issues in the family). In May 2016, my GP suggested I get an ultrasound for a thyroid nodule on the right side of my thyroid that she discovered during a routine physical exam. I had the US in June. According to the US report, \u201cThe right thyroid lobe measures 5.1 x 2.1 x1.9 cm. The left thyroid lobe measures 3.3 x 1.1 x 1.6 cm. There is a 4 mm nodule in the right mid gland. There is a 2 cm nodule in the lower pole of the right thyroid lobe. Impression: A 2cm nodule in the lower pole of the right thyroid lobe. Ultrasound guided fine needle aspiration suggests an established diagnosis.\u201d I then had a fine-needle aspiration biopsy (FNA) in July. The results came back \u201catypical\u201d (I don\u2019t have them on hand right now, but I can send them to you). I then consulted with a thyroid specialist, who recommended a partial lobectomy to establish a diagnosis. I have been doing some research into the medical literature (via PubMed, etc) and it sounds like perhaps a core-needle biopsy (CNB) may provide a more definitive diagnosis and help me determine if I should go the surgical route or not (if the nodule turns out to be cancerous or precancerous, I will of course go with surgery, but since it\u2019s atypical and it could turn out to be malignant or benign, I would like to exhaust any other options available in determining the diagnosis before electing to have surgery). I also had blood work done in May. TSH and (TPO) Ab and T4, Free (Direct) were in normal ranges (TSH was 1.420 and (TPO) Ab was 9 IU/mL and T4 was 1.36) and TgAb was a little high (2.1 IU/mL). Everything else (CBC w/diff, CMP, lipid panel) came back normal. Can you help, please? Happy to send you the US and FNA results. My question is: Would you recommend CNB or some other method to determine if the nodule is benign or malignant besides surgery? I just want to exhaust all my options if I can", "title": "Found thyroid nodule, is CNB the correct method to determine if benign or malignant?"}
{"text": "My 76 year old mother in law was put on Abilify last December due to bi polar disorder, paranoria, psychotic episodes. Afterward she seemed to develop shaking in her hands, that progressed to her head, literally severe tremors, along with muscle weakness. It then developed into a complete inability to walk or function. She is now bedridden, incontinent and virtually sleeps all day. At the beginning of her diagnosis she had white matter degradation, diabetes, high cholesterol, thyroid disorder, high blood pressure and irregular heartbeat but other than the psychotic episodes which became more frequent, she was functional, mobile and able to hold a conversation. She has had 2 ER visits to the local hospital in PA, where they ran a battery of tests, could find nothing wrong and discharged her. Her physician does not care, and told us she is of sound mind and body (completely laughable.) The hospital psychiatrist who placed her on the Abilify only treats those patients in the hospital mental health ward. He will not see or consult on outside patients even if he saw them while they were previously in the hospital.  We have attempted to transfer her to another physician but zero anywhere nearby are taking new patients. Its a catch 22. Her physician recently took her off the Abilify cold turkey which seems to be counter indicated, but there is zero improvement. She was placed in assisted living by her psychiatrist last December, one of the conditions of discharge, as she was attempting to injure my father in law. The nursing staff is baffled and frustrated. We, as her family, are equally so. Any ideas or advice? She is also on Glipizine 10mg 2x per day, Metropolol Tartrate 25mg daily, Lisinopril 10mg daily, Levothyroxine sodium 100mcg daily, Coumadin 5mg daily, Divalproex 500mg 2x daily, Atorvastin Calcium 10mg daily. It as if no one cares, and she is not up for travel. I am wondering if we should try to check her into a larger hospital 60+ miles away", "title": "My mother in law is bedridden, shaking, incontinent and virtually sleeps all day, no one seems to care?"}
{"text": "What could cause severe groin pain.  55yr old female, with 3 scoliosis surgery at 12, 17, 21yrs. (in the 1970\u2019s)  Harrington rod put in , taken out  and third surgery was bone taken from my hip and fused to lower spine.\nSome hip pain when weather is bad but the groin pain is extreme.    Pain started in my mid 40\u2019s  beginning periodically at night when I was in bed.   But groin pain is happening now at least 4 days a week, very sharp and it is not like the ache I get in my hip from time to time", "title": "What could cause severe groin pain?"}
{"text": "My problem can be easily described. I suffer from a continuous reduction of hemoglobin. Every day I have to take iron supplement to retain my hemoglobin levels in normal range.\nI give you an example of my condition. Let\u2019s say I take an iron supplement for a year, the blood analysis confirms hemoglobin level at 146 g / l. Subsequently I cease to take an iron supplement. Two months later hemoglobin level falls to 97 g / l. I could give you several similar examples during previous 6 years.\nThen I always start to take iron supplement again and my hemoglobin levels come back to the normal. If I take iron every day, hemoglobin levels remain within normal limits. Basically, I must constantly take the iron supplements.\nI believe that the absorption of iron by my guts should be fine though. Hematologist said that when my hemoglobin levels are increased after taking iron supplements, absorption should be fine. Also, when I took iron tablet at night on an empty stomach, my GP confirmed after the blood analysis that I had elevated levels of serum iron (that was also independently confirmed by another doctor a year later).I do not suffer from celiac disease. I should not suffer from an increased destruction of red blood cells, bilirubin levels are normal. I am not a vegetarian. I have no intestinal parasites. The amount of vitamin B12 and other blood parameters are in normal ranges.\nThese problems started about 6 years ago, before that I did not need to constantly take iron supplements.I would like to ask you few questions:\n1. May I have some form of iron malabsorption considering the fact that my body is able to absorb sufficient amounts of iron from the supplements but not from normal diet?\nNote .: My sibling eats almost the same food as I but his hemoglobin levels are absolutely all right, without need of taking iron supplements.2. What various conditions or illnesses should I have? 3. What can cause so massive decreasing of hemoglobin levels? Where do I lose it, if I do not bleed", "title": "I suffer from a continuous reduction of hemoglobin?"}
{"text": "I have a herniated lumbar disc l5 s1 and have weakness and numbness in my left leg and foot.  Since wednesday I have had diahaereo and when I empty my bladder I feel a need to want to empty it some more.  I now have pain and tenderness in my left side and tenderness in my genital area.  I am female, take no tablets am not diabetic.  Am healthy apart from above.  Are the two connected with the herniated disc", "title": "I have a herniated lumbar disc l5 s1 and have weakness and numbness in my left leg and foot?"}
{"text": "47/f\nasthma 38 yrs Albuteral inhaler taken 1x/week average\nCervical disk disease w/ arthritis\nLumbar stenosis, sciatica, osteoarthritis ibprofren 4 X/mo averagedull ache behind right eye started 8 days ago. Level 4 pain when light pressure is applied  started 4 days ago. Sometimes sudden sharp pain in right eye with movement to left and downward and sometimes without movement started 4 days ago becoming more frequent. Dull ache always present. White flashed seen twice. Some blurriness right eye. Constant headache level 3 pain. No relief with ibprofren 800mg/dosageI\u2019ve had what feels like sinus pain on right side for over a month. No drainage but  level 6 pain inside nose when pushed on slightly. Pain shoots to ear, teeth, jaw, neck level 4-7 pain.  No fever but sometimes low temp 96 my normal is 98.6My doctor left the practice. I was not notified. Urgent care does not have proper DX support", "title": "Pain behind right eye, blurriness, headache, sinus pain?"}
{"text": "Been to 2 GI docs & internist had blood tests, HIDA, ultrasound CT abdominal  scan CT angiogram of the abdomen colonoscopy\u2026 He could not get all the way past the first curve even with pediatric instruments so had G.I. bariatric enema,  stomach emptying test and they still can\u2019t tell me anything the CT showed right kidney atrophy \u2026atelectasis of lower right lung. Symptoms are lost 30 pounds in three months nausea every time I eat quickly full cannot eat barely anything anymore get sick every time i Eat, heightened sense of smell extreme exhaustion  hiccups belching,  changes recently\u2026  I have severe thyroid hormone resistant disease . They still can\u2019t diagnose me and I\u2019ll getting sicker and I\u2019m sick all the time it\u2019s debilitatin", "title": "Lost 30 pounds in three months nausea every time, they still can\u2019t diagnose me?"}
{"text": "I am 23 y/o male and suffer from digestive issues for around 2 years. Here are the symptoms: yellowish stool, very smelly and floating. Tiredness and inability to sleep past 2-3 am. Acne and skin issues. Brain fog. Occasional 1-2 times a month stabbing dull pain in liver area, especially after meals containing lots of fat(think bacon, eggs, avocados).So far, I went to do tests and I have elevated ALP at 150(upper limit 125). ALP is always raised, I had 4-5 liver tests in 5 months period and it is always above 140. Other liver enzymes and bilirubin are normal. Doctor ruled out bone issues connected to ALP. Vitamin D level is well above normal. Ultrasound shown no abnormalities in hepatic region. Doctor said he hit the wall with testing and I suggested to inspect hepatic region with more details. Is it wise to go for CT or MRI? Raised ALP can be either due to bones(ruled out) issues or liver.Can I get advice regarding this? I feel constantly tired, have bad sleep and skin issues in addition to digestive problems I mentioned", "title": "I suffer from digestive issues, doctor has no answers?"}
{"text": "I am a lady of 34 years of age, i have no medical history nor taking any chronic condition. i have been consulting with different doctors for same symptoms for 6 months now and till to date i still have not found a solution. i have burning sensations on my chest and whole body at times, i get dizzy and my body itchy, shortness of breath, tight and stiff tight muscles on my chest in the morning and night. i was diagnosed with bronchpneomonia but it was false diagnosis said two doctors, they suspected Gastro and send me for G-scope which came out fine. no trace of ulcer just that my body is producing too much acid, hence i am burning. My body is in so much pain at night and in the morning, i did different tests and all came out good", "title": "I have burning sensations on my chest and whole body, had false diagnosis, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I am convinced that I have Celiacs disease but I\u2019m not sure how to go forward. I have temporal lobe epilepsy and I have had digestive issues my entire life. 2 years ago I cut gluten out of my diet and my epilepsy symptoms vanished, I kept an epilepsy diary and confirmed that whenever I ate gluten I had a seizure in the next 2 days. For the past year I have been gluten free and had only 2 seizures during the same period when I previously had multiple daily seizures. My digestive problems such as constipation and bloating have also resolved.\nMy general health however is not optimum, I follow a paleo style diet and do not eat any processed foods or added sugars yet I still suffer with low Vit D and ferritin (with normal haemoglobin) levels despite taking supplements. I also suffer with acne and fatigue.\nI really believe that the root of my issues could be Celiacs disease. Although I follow a gluten free diet I share a comunal kitchen and cross contamination is likely.\nShould I just assume I have Celiacs and manage cross contaminations? I am aware that I need to eat gluten regularly to accurately test for Celiacs (previous blood test was negative) but I am not willing to put myself through this as my epilepsy is now so well controlled with my diet", "title": "I am convinced I have Celiacs, Is there another way I can seek a diagnosis?"}
{"text": "Female age 5 diagnosed with normocytic anemia. Ferritin and rediculocyte levels are normal. Hemoglobin is low and white blood cell count and platelets are high. Child is frequently tired and prone to illness. No known cause of bleeding, no rash, fussy eater, has alopecia areata and enlarged tonsils. What is the cause of her anemia", "title": "Female age 5 diagnosed with normocytic anemia, what can cause this?"}
{"text": "i am a 32 year old female and last week i was taken to hospital and admitted and kidney stone got stuck in my urethra and infection started backing up , they had to put a stent in there to get the infection out \u2026so now im out of the hospital and i am having problems from the site of IV the ambulance put a IV in my juggler vein and now a lot of pain is coming from there all the way up to the back of my head , my ear hurts muffled sounds in that ear black floating dots in my vision and my head hurts and i cant think straight. please tell me what you think is going on", "title": "IV inserted in jugular vein is causing vision problems and pain in back of head?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 26 year old male. I don\u2019t take any meds at this time.. I noticed a small plum like lump on my lower right side of back about a week ago also have leg pain on right side light to mild. I first noticed this when I would go to the gym doing heavy lifting for shoulders also dead lifts. Didn\u2019t think of it as anything at the time.. But randomly out of know where I decided to feel my back and that\u2019s what I found.. But this time I was doing another workout where u lay down and pull the weight over your head to your chest", "title": "I noticed a small plum like lump on my lower right side of back ?"}
{"text": "on  November  11  2016  i  hurt my  shoulder  went  to  urgent  care medical  center  and  they diagnosed  with a   sprain shoulder and  arm  and gave me  an arm sling, on november 29  2016  had   follow up  with  my pcp  on  november 29 2016  he  want  a  second opion  and sent  my  xrays  to another person orthopedic  on  december 20 2016  i  got  a  call  saying  it  was  fractured humuras,   after  6  weeks  doesn\u2019t a  bone heal i  am able  to move  my  arm   with no pain  and  i don\u2019t want surgery  is  realy medical necessary  for them to re break  the healed bone  after not  knowing after 9 weeks of being undignoised  sent  my doctor  and  certified letter   telling him  i was  disappointed in my care,   should  i  go to the orthopedic doctor and what should  i expect  after  it  may  have already healed.  i  wore  the  arm  sling  for  about 6 weeks  non stop", "title": "I hurt my shoulder, doctor put me on arm sling, now doctor says fractured humuras?"}
{"text": "I am 57 year old male residing in the upper midwest. I\u2019ve had chronic lumbar back pain since 1995 approximately and carpal tunnel, in both hands, since 1993. In 2004 I was hit from behind by a speeding truck, adding chronic cervical pain to my cocktail of chronic pain conditions.\nTwo years ago I was informed by a neurologist I saw at the time that I might need lower back surgery. However, he proposed an initial treatment regimen consisting only of epidural steroid injections for both lumbar and cervical infractions as well as streoid injections for both hands.\nThen he suddenly resigned and I have not had access to a neurologist since then.\nYou can see from my age that I\u2019m about past what I consider child-rearing age in that I badly want to start a family but my condition makes that impossible because I can only lie comfortably on my back and stomach for approximately 10 minutes, at times a bit longer or shorter.\nMy point is that sexual intercourse is and has been out of the question for me for two decades.\nQUESTION: What are the chances that surgery and/or any other medical procedure will make it possible for me to enjoy sexual intercourse in the immediate future?\nI am currently taking: Nabumetone, Gabapentin, Amitriptyline, Tramadol, Flexiril, and Citalopra", "title": "I have chronic lumbar back pain, would surgery make me regain a healthy life?"}
{"text": "I am a 43 year old female with no medical history or medication.I have been having regular nosebleeds for months now. My haemaglobin, RBC count and platelets are all normal however my WBC count is 4.2, lymphocytes 1.6, haematocrit 0.38 and neutrophils 2.0. Should I be concerned", "title": "My blood test results are abnormal, should I be concerned?"}
{"text": "We are married for approx 4.5 years and trying to conceive since then but no success. We started treatment for same around 1 year ago. My sperm count are 15 mill/ml. My wife\u2019s AMH level is 0.68 ng/ml and FSH is 13.35 mIu/ml We tried two failed IUIs. Due to my low sperm count and her low AMH levels our doctor is suggesting for OD IVF for successful IVF. I do not want to go with donor egg IVF at this stage. I see it as a last resort only. What option do we have? Can we do IVF with my wife\u2019s egg? I did some research on internet and found AMH test is relatively new and it only predicts about overian reserve not about the egg quality. Even, women having 0.1 AMH have conceived naturally. I found if she takes following contents for 3 months her egg quality and hormone levels can be improved. DHEA, 25mg thrice a day. CoQ 10, 100 mg daily Folic Acid 1mg/day Greens: wheat grass 2 shots/day, or, spirulina 3000mg/day Omega-3 2000mg/day Vitamin D 1000 IU/day  Can you please prescribe for above contents and also for improving my sperm count? I plan to do AMH test again after taking medicines for 3 months. Regard", "title": "Trying to conceive but no success, need solution?"}
{"text": "Arthrosis of the hip joint (coxarthrosis) and running?\nI am a 32 years old male, and my diagnosis is arthrosis of the (right) hip joint \u2013 coxarthrosis. I am a marathon runner, and I also swim and bike. My orthopedist told me that this condition is not caused by running, but genetic (hereditary factor).I have a \u201csimple\u201d question: Is my running over", "title": "Arthrosis of the hip joint (coxarthrosis), are my running days over?"}
{"text": "I am 23 years old. I haven\u2019t had a period since August 28, 2016. Since then I have had sore breast, nausea, slight cramping, a thick white discharge, increased sense of smell, weight gain, and recently little flutters in my stomach. I\u2019ve taken over 10 HPT and one blood test, all negative. I normally have a six pack but now my stomach is hard and in the shape of a small basketball. I\u2019m getting concerned and want to know if low or no hcg levels is possible and if I\u2019m pregnant or what else could be wrong", "title": "I haven\u2019t had a period for 4 months?"}
{"text": "I am a 35 year old male. I was in the hospital around 10 days ago. I had a full blown grand mal seizure and remained unconscious for around 15 minutes after. MRI of the brain was normal and EEg test was also normal. I was diagnosed with being Hypoglycemic, my blood sugar level was at a 50 when the ambulance first picked me up. I\u2019ve never had a seizure in my life before then. Regardless I\u2019ve been perfectly ok since then until a couple days ago. In the last couple days I\u2019ve been having bloody stools, some with a lot of blood, along with diarrhea. and now today i keep having pains right beneath my right ribs, there\u2019s so many different opinions online, any thoughts", "title": "I had a full blown Grand Mal Seizure, now having pains right beneath my right ribs?"}
{"text": "Hi guys 22 year old caucasian Female here, 162cm, 59kg\nRoughly four weeks ago I stayed at my parent\u2019s house and woke up absolutely drenched in sweat. They had just bought a new futon, and it was a leather-type fabric, so I had assumed it was down to that. I went back home but the sweats did not stop. I would say, give or take a few days off, I have been drenched in sweat every evening since. Sometimes it\u2019s so bad that I will have a dream that I am sweating (this has happened twice now).\nIt will wake me up in the early hours, say 1am, and again at 3 or 4am, and I will be so thirsty I have to down about a pint of water before attempting to sleep again. I can no longer bear the heating on.\nMy doctor thought it could be hormonal so I was sent for PCOS-related blood checks. My hormone levels all came back dandy. They did ultrasound me and find a TINY 0.6MM cyst on my right ovary but as my metabolic indications weren\u2019t there, they did not think it could be causing the sweats.\nTwo weeks into the sweating I got an incredibly bad cold, which came with a cough \u2013 it was a rattly cough, but my chest is clear. I am still coughing up chunks of white phlegm a few times an hour. I had a chest x-ray that has come back clear. Other cold symptoms have subsided.\nMy doctor took a shed load of blood tests last week My blood tests have come back as no action required. They took Renal profile, bone profile, liver function, tsh, esr, fbc, HIV 1/2, CMV, and EBV Antibody. So what the hell is going on? I\u2019m just really suffering from the lack of sleep. Originally the cough was thought to be due to a throat infection, but the medication given to me did not settle it. We thought it could be nasal drip so I tried Avamys nasal spray, but that has made no difference, and as I am not congested at all in my nose it was hard to believe anyway. The doctor had a check of my lymph nodes and said she could feel a few raised in my throat but did not pursue it further.\nI have lost about 3kg this month but have been on a low carb eating lifestyle since April. My calories SHOULD be at maintenance (1600-1800kcal a day) so perhaps this is due to the amount I am sweating at night? I just feel really goddamned tired now, like I can\u2019t focus, and I dread sleeping because I know it will be interrupted in just a few hours.\nEDIT: My thyroid has also been checked via bloods and that all came back normal, and I have no other diagnosed long-term health issues. I am a recovered bulimic in case that is relevent (2yrs out of recovery)", "title": "I have night sweats, can\u2019t focus, lack of sleep, weight loss, what is going on?"}
{"text": "Hello! i was born with bladder Extrophy.i have Bladder Reflax too. it\u2019s about 2 mounths that i use \u201cVisi care\u201d pills.its about 10 days that i have urine infection and my urine is bloody. for my infection i used ofloxacine antibiotic about 3 days but i used siprofloxacine about 7 days. at first siprofloxacine and then ofloxacine. My Urine test shows that this bacteria called e.coli is resistant against all antibiotics(8 type of them) but doctors said that if you use ofloxacine or siprofloxacine you will be better soon. i have too much pain in my kidney. it\u2019s higher in left kidney! i have about 1.5 degree fever but it\u2019s going down with Refrigerant pills like astaminophen 325. i dont have urine control and i always using Diapers. i\u2019m about 16 years old and about 43kg. My Fill bladder volume is about 80cc and empty bladder is\u2019nt too much(about 5cc urine).\n1. Are there ways for my urine control?\n2. what can i do to getting better soon?\n3. how can i reduce my kidney pain?\nThank you", "title": "I was born with bladder Extrophy, how to reduce kidney pain and get better?"}
{"text": "Age 64, Male, In hospital now for 3 weeks for bacterial infection. Was given Heparin for clots in right leg that I had surgery on last year for bypass surgery.  While on heparin, now have a hematoma that is bleeding.  Was on Ventilator for 3 days, then was breathing on own. Today on CPAP. Kidney functions stopped. On Dialysis. Rectal tube in, bed sores.  Can\u2019t move.  Prior to hospital was in terrible back pain.  Found a mass in pelvic area that was drained.  Have been on antibiotics and not seeming to help.  I don\u2019t want to die yet. Can you help", "title": "In hospital now for 3 weeks for bacterial infection, hematoma, antibiotics not working, can you help?"}
{"text": "I had tummy tuck 2 years ago , now I got recurrent abdominal pain due to gall stones and I need cholecystectomy, Is it possible to be done by laparoscopy through the umbilicus or I have to have it by traditional open long scar ? and what is expected of complications ?. thank you very much", "title": "I had tummy tuck 2 years ago, now need cholecystectomy?"}
{"text": "i am 51 years of age reason for contacting you is i am pretty worried  because i am bleeding from  my anus i have to put toilet paper or something there as it seeps out and when i go to the toilet there is a lot of blood in the toilet  there are clots in it to the color of it looks like beetroot and i have been passing blood in my urine but it is not as dark as what i have coming from my bowels ,i have had pain in my lower back around my kidneys i know i don\u2019t have a urine infection as i don\u2019t need to wee  all the time ,i have been getting jolts of sharp pain on my appendix side of my abdominal area i but i had my appendix out along time ago .about six to eight months ago  i was passing blood  but it started happening again about 4 maybe 5 days ago i don\u2019t have any pain whilst using my bowels or when i am passing urine i have been feeling very tired and lethargic i have not felt sick like vomiting or anything like that i have been getting a lot of head aches i know its not piles there are no lumps or anything like that at the entrance of my anus when i get the sharp pain on my lower right hand side its a real sudden sharp jolting grabbing pain i haven\u2019t seen a doctor for a very longtime its been years and years till a week or two ago as i hurt my right hand pretty badly its on the mend now though i am not on any medications my only allergy is to horse", "title": "Bleeding from anus, blood in urine, pain in lower back"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 33yrs old just went to dentist for tooth to get pulled they put me on antibiotics for an abscess they prescribed the wrong dose of 150mg I took loaded dose of 300mg/2 pills then continued with one (150mg) every 6hrs unfortunately then pain worsen so I was taking them every 4hours the next day the left side of my face was swollen pain radiating down my neck up my ear all the way to my temple I went to ER and they prescribed me 300mg of same med clindamycin. Still no pain relief and face is even more swollen traveling to chin and lip. My question is: should I take loaded dose of 600mg/2pills and then go down to 300mg/1pill every 6 hrs to attack the bacteria since I fact they gave me wrong dose so technically I never truly had the initial dosage  of 600mg. Will this finally start the healing process or will this further strengthen the bacteria? Because at this point they are winning this battle. I\u2019m in constant escrusciating pain that breaks me down to full on tears. I\u2019m talking boo hooing snot drooling wining and crying like a 3yr old my daughter was scared she never saw me cry like a baby before. I\u2019m scared certain post say I can die from the poison I just don\u2019t know wat to do. Please help. I hope I gave u all info. Oh yea taking 2-60g motrins snd 2-100mgtramidol every 4hours and the pain never subsides intact I barely make it to the full 4th hour. There has got to be an explanation or pain management treatment plan for this please help I swear if I had a gun I probably pull the trigge", "title": "I was prescribed the wrong dose of antibiotics?"}
{"text": "I am Female born male and wondering if by removing the testicles, I have will this stop any further testosterone production.  Beside just taking hormones", "title": "If I remove my testicles, will my testosterone production cease?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m at my wits end. My quality of life has become miserable.  Pain, discomfort, almost non-stop frequent urination, that also triggers the urge to defecate regularly, ultra sensitivity in my penis , especially the head, blood and matter that come often after the normal urine flow, and a great degree of difficulty to sleep from the accompanying symptoms \u2013 even sitting can trigger the urge to urinate. I can get a short term relief from a hot bath, but that seems to be losing its effect as time goes by.  I live with a urinal always close at hand and when I use the toilet my stream is erratic and unpredictable.  The second urologist I\u2019ve seen since July, has treated it with meds and did a green light laser trimming of the prostate, to rule out that it was not a prostate blockage, and the colonoscopy shows my bladder holds such little fluid,  but does always empty.  It just got worse and he then looked at it as a bladder irritation, and did two other courses of meds including Vesicare and it just got worse.The colonoscopy showed my bladder holds virtually no urine \u2013 less than one fifth a normal male. I also was treated for yeast twice in this period. The first urologist I saw back in April this year had a CAT scan that revealed a large kidney stone and only wanted to treat that, so it made no sense and hence I saw the second doctor who also concurred with me. Also, defecating has become strained and accompanies irritation to the penis, and I see blood and bloody matter in the urine, like clots or something and I\u2019ve addressed this matter, but the doctor still sluffs it off as from the laser surgery which was done almost five months back, and is now more frequently occurring. After many visits and med treatments this urologist agreed we should try an InterStim trial, and I was prepped to do that Dec. 5th, but because they did a phone pre-op rather than at the hospital they overlooked that I was a candidate for MRSA and VRE. They confirmed no VRE at the time, but since they\u2019d swabbed my nostrils already they postponed the surgery till I came back to get checked for that, and it was positive , so surgery was postponed. That aggravation caused me to write a detailed letter to the management of the urology clinic, and after conferring with her we agreed to try another urologist at their clinic, who I\u2019ve seen once now.To put it mildly , since my first visit with this this urologist  in July the urination frequency,  has increased and is always uncomfortable to pee, and and the stream is eradicate. I live with varying degrees of pain and discomfort ,  from mild to breathtaking,  and I am a constant captive of the bathroom and a urinal by my bedside . The doctor informed me the prostate surgery trimming went well, but has ruled that out as the basis of my problem. My quality of life now is zilch.Don\u2019t get me wrong, because I believe the doctor  has acted quite professionally. He\u2019s been quite aware that my primary concern is the lack of quality of life I\u2019m now experiencing, and he acted conservatively, trying every pharmacy treatment available, unfortunately none doing the job. Which led him to the next option of the InterStim trial.\nOne thing that I think the doctor failed was not paying as much attention as I possibly felt  needed to be addressed is the severity of pain and frequency which has only gotten worse over the time in his care. Every urination is uncomfortable and I\u2019ve told him that when I really push hard to empty my my bladder is when I get serious nerve and pain aggravation that largely emanates as stings in my penis and privates, and almost always there is  some blood and matter that follows. The pain becomes harder and harder to subside  as the days go by. Also,  I see many of these  refuse-like  bloody looking pieces along with this, and r occurrence  that many times it  causes a response to have to defecate. My sleep has been seriously disrupted, and I get up and down and pee into a bedside urinal throughout the night, not to mention the day as well. I can pee as many as 3-4-5, even more, times per hour. One visit I directly asked the doctor if it might be some kind of bladder cancer and at first he said I don\u2019t think so, then matter of factly stated it wasn\u2019t, but as far as I know there has been no testing to verify this. It scares me to see more blood and refuse now than even shortly after the laser surgery of the prostate, although he more or less wrote this off to the healing from that prostate trimming.To have heard I still carried MRSA  was another emotional setback being I barely survived a septic shock in 2013 that had me hospitalized for months and shut my kidneys down. I was on dialysis at the hospital and a year on home peritoneal dialysis at home, but fortunately my kidneys recovered enough to be taken off and am considered chronic renal rather than end stage renal.So my question is how would you proceed from here given this information. Thank you", "title": "I have pain, discomfort, almost non-stop frequent urination, my life has become miserable?"}
{"text": "40yo female born with a congenital heart defect. Had a Ross Procedure in 2000 to replace a bicuspid aortic valve with my own pulmonary valve. In 2007 the surgery had failed and I had a pulmonary valve replacement, tricuspid repair and a right ventricle patch. I experience shortness of breath upon exercising and when laying down. My ECHO, according to my cardiologist, says everything is fine and my shortness of breath has been diagnosed to be allergies. I do have a concern about the my aortic valve peak gradient and my pulmonic valve\u2019s peak gradient. My ECHO in 2014 showed that my aortic valves peak gradient was 12.3mmHg, peak velocity was 1.8m/s and mean gradient was 7.8mmHg. Last month my aortic valve\u2019s peak gradient was 5mmHg, peak velocity was 1.1m/s and mean gradient is 2mmHg. My pulmonic valve\u2019s peak gradient in 2014 was 33.6mmHg, peak velocity was 2.9m/s, and mean gradient was 19.7mmHg. This year my peak gradient is 26mmHg, peak velocity 2.5m/s, and mean gradient 13mmHg. My cardiologist says everything looks great, but come of those numbers have changed a lot. Why are they not concerned with some of those numbers? Also, my EF was 61-65% in 2015 and is now 50-55%. Did the numbers improve or get worse", "title": "I am concerned about my aortic valve and pulmonary valve peak gradient, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "23 year old white female,\nOne of my lymph nodes on the left side of my jaw (feels like a hard ball shape) have been swollen for at least 2 years (growing gradually) and when I went to my doctor for a checkup last year they said it was probably nothing to worry about so i just kind of ignored it. Only today did it start getting tender and hurting when I touch it and now I am worried. I sometimes wake up with a sore throat but it leaves during the day. There is also a clicking in my jaw that I can\u2019t seem to fix. I\u2019m not sure if that has anything to do with it. Please help me know what the problem is and if it is serious. Thank you", "title": "lymph nodes have been swollen for at least 2 years, now tender and hurting?"}
{"text": "I am having frequent Premature ventricular contractions (PVCs) and yet my doctor says not to worry. I am on Toprol 25 mg and am 76 years old. Do I need to worry", "title": "I am having frequent PVCs and yet my doctor says not to worry?"}
{"text": "I have a question \u2026 I have a test report : SEMEN ANALYSIS/H&E STAIN FOR SPERM MORPHOLOGY.\nReport as below Time of collection 01:40PM\nTime of examination 02:10PMPhysical Examination\nColour Whitish\nVolume (ml) 4.0> or = 1.5\nLiquefaction 30 Mins Within 30 Mins\nFructose Test PositivePositive\npH AlkalineAlkalineMicroscopic Examination\nSperm Concentration (M/ml) 145> or = 15\nTotal Sperm count (M/ ejaculate) 580> or = 39\nMorphology (% Normal) 08> or = 04\nVitality (% Live) 45> or = 58Motility within 1 hour of ejaculation\nTotal Motility (PR+NP,%) 40> or = 40\nProgressive motility (PR,%) 30> or = 32\nPus cells 8-10/HPF\nRBCs 1-3/HPF\nEpithelial Cells 0-2/HPF\nSmall agglutinates (+)\nAggregates Nil\nComments : Asthenozoospermia", "title": "I need opinion on my Semen Analysis and Morphology report findings?"}
{"text": "31 years male Diagnosed with CVID Common variable immune deficiency (CVID) in 2014. Gamma transfusion not taking.14 times pneumonia and jaundice 2 times in 3 months duration. What happens to my lungs due to recurrent pneumonia and jaundice to liver? Please clarify. When ever infected with pneumonia and jaundice taking antibiotics. Father\u2019s brother and sister have a history with cance", "title": "Diagnosed with common variable immune deficiency (CVID), recurrent pneumonia and jaundice, what are consequences?"}
{"text": "Is there something else I can take for energy? I have fatigue from being on several medications. I take Gingko Biloba and B12, plus I take a vitamin every day.  The medications I take are Lorazepam, Levothyroxine, Seroquel, Trazodone sometimes, Atoravastin, Doxazosin, Anafranil, Lamictal and Montelukast. I deal with OCD and Bipolar disorder. Is there something else natural tht would be safe that would be better? I know energy drinks aren\u2019t really a good thing but would drinking one per day be okay and possibly help", "title": "I have fatigue from being on several medications?"}
{"text": "I am 24 years old. I\u2019ve been trying to conceive about a year now and i have been trying ever since. I went to doctors to find out if my ovaries and uterus is ok and they all turn out to fine. i would like to know what is the reason for me not becoming pregnant if everything is fine. if i take fertility pills pills will they help me to conceive? or do i have to do a HSG test", "title": "I\u2019ve been trying to conceive about a year now, if I take fertility pills will they help?"}
{"text": "44 year old female, history of gallbladder removal, fundal plycation,mild gastritis. Last endoscopy 18 months ago, off and on nausea for 3 years made somewhat better by removal of gallbladder. Major complaint is upper stomach pain(not nausea) middle to right side that goes around to the middle of my back for about the last 10 days. Pain can come and go but can get very painful. What do I do now? What could possibly be wrong now? Medications: Prozac, Phenergen(PRN), Bystolic(blood pressure), propanalol, ibuprofen, Excedrin,Primidone(for tremors", "title": "Major complaint is upper stomach pain(not nausea) middle to right side?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed Jan 2016 with colon cancer Stage 3b due to tumor deposit with negative lymphnodes. I had a right hemicolectomy and started FOLFOX chemo which ended in late July or early August. I had a CT scan in May due to having pain in my abdomen. It was negative except for the same liver lesion that\u2019s has been on all my scans. I had another scan at the end of Oct and it show thickening in my omentum and more liver lesions but it said some could be seen on other scans but are tiny. So my oncologist sent me for an MRI. He wasn\u2019t concerned with my omentum because my surgeon said he thought it was from my surgery. My MRI did not say anything about my omentum and said the liver lesions are benign. I\u2019m still having my abdomen pain and they keep telling my CEA is normally to follow with scan in February. Can you give me your opinion? Should I be concerned? I\u2019m trying not to worry.", "title": "I have colon cancer stage 3b, I have abdomen pain, MRI of Omentum and lesions of concern?"}
{"text": "Child was born with enlarged ventricles in her brain and at nearly 18 months doesn\u2019t crawl normally (sideways crawl) or walk (although she \u201ccruises\u201d holding furniture).  She is suspected of having glaucoma and what sounds like severe myopia for her age.  Do these symptoms indicate a particular type of issue (iaaur)", "title": "Child was born with enlarged ventricles in her brain?"}
{"text": "My girlfriend (30 years old) recently had surgery due for acoustic neuroma. She had about a 2.5cm mass removed from the left side of her head. They operated on her for about ten hours and went behind her left ear. That was twelve days ago, she was discharged from the hospital after one week. Two days ago she came home from her parents place where she stayed for a few days because it was close to the hospital. The ride home took a little over two hours which irritated her head a bit.The other day she began complaining of a lot of pressure in her head, and the left side of her head is visibly swollen. She has also started to ween off of the medications that she was given. Initially she was on Ranitide 150mg X 10 days, Dexamethasonel 4mg 12 hr for 2 days, 3mg 12 hr for 2 days, 2mg 12 hr for 2 days, 2mg daily 2 days, 1mg daily for 2 days, and tramcel.I am concerned that the pressure post-op may be an issue to her brain or pose other risks to her health. The situation is aggrivated by a possible 2 hour drive to Edmonton\u2019s University of Alberta Hospital where she could be seen, which could cause further problems to the area.Please advise on what the problem could be and if medical attention is required and on what basis of urgency", "title": "Had surgery for acoustic neuroma, having secondary effects?"}
{"text": "Hi, I can you help me assess the risk of thromboembolic complications due to discontinuation of anticoagulation medicine against the increased risk of hemorrhage if oral anticoagulation is not resumed as it was prior to a burr hole surgery. The few studies addressing the issue are conflicting.I had a burr hole surgery done two months ago to drain a subdural hematoma caused by a fall. All the blood has been removed or reabsorbed. However, now I have a very high platet count (500 trombocytes) and low MCHC levels (Mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration) both which were always normal before the surgery. I stopped my oral anticoagulation medicine (trombyl) before the surgery and I have not restarted it. Do you think that is the cause for the raised levels? Should I restart the oral anticoaulation medicine because of the increased risk of hemorrhage? I started with it because of a heart attack over ten years ago and I have not had problems with my heart or hematomas outside of these two events. Also the risk that I will fall and hurt my head again is slim to none because I receive help now.  I am a 70 year old male with type 2 Diabetes and Parkinsons disease with no other medical issues.Best regard", "title": "What is my risk of thromboembolic complications due to discontinuation of anticoagulants?"}
{"text": "I am a 42 yr, female. I was diagnosed with crohn\u2019s almost 20 yrs ago. It causes me to be severely anemic and I require iron infusions periodically. When I start to get really anemic, I start getting staph infections in my nose and around my mouth. I have been dealing with it for along time BUT about 6 months ago when I got a staph infection, it took on a life of its own. It has exploded all over my face and will not go away. I have sores all over my face and lips that will not heal. They are extremely painful. I also have a sore on my neck and one on my leg that will not heal. About a week ago I thought I had a splinter on my thumb and when I examined it closure, I realized there were literally thousands of little shards in my fingers and they will not come out with tweezers. They are so painful I cannot touch anything or even brush them against anything. Out of desperation, I covered my fingers with superglue to provide a barrier to keep them from being jostled. Instantly the glue started extracting the shards out of my fingers. I was then able to remove the dried glue and the shards along with it. (Thank God). At the same time, the sore on my neck started hurting really bad and the scab had become dense and thick. When I touched the scab, it came off and I realized the sore was also full of shards of whatever they are. So I covered it with glue and thankfully it had the same result. The glue extracted them and they came out when I removed the hardened glue. Also, the sores on my face have the shards and are weeping tiny clear balls of some serum. If I wipe them off, more come out of my pores or hair follicles. It is the most horrific feeling. I am embarrassed to go out in public, I look horrific.  Help!!!!", "title": "I was diagnosed with crohn\u2019s, when anemic I have staph infections?"}
{"text": "Hi Dr,I am (\u2026) located in Pakistan.Age: 33I have a 3rd level vericocele in my left testicle, I got married 2 and half years ago but not able to get my wife pregnant.I did Semen tests:\n1 \u2013 Ist test : Count : 15mil (A grade Sepm:0)\n2 \u2013 Second Test: 5 mil (A grade Sepm:0)\n3 \u2013 Third Test: 3 mil (A grade Sepm:0)My Testosterone and FSH was normal. Didn\u2019t remember the other factors.Last month, I went for IVF and my wife got pregnant, Wife 1st and second test (BHCG) was great, but unfortunately her BCHG level decrease and then she miscarriaged", "title": "I am thinking to have Varicocele surgery, would it help ?"}
{"text": "About a year ago I had an incident where my foot stayed still and the top of my leg rotated while the bottom stayed still and I have instant knee pain that I believe after a few days went away but when it happened i had to rotate my leg in an odd way to be able to stand up again. Ever since then my knee chooses to randomly lock up like that where its very painful and I can\u2019t move or do anything until I pop it it makes a loud pop that anyone can here and it definitely hurts. I workout everyday so I can feel it randomly or if I\u2019m about to stand up from something. But today i started to feel that pain on a whole new level nothing happened but it locked really bad where i couldn\u2019t unlock it without horrible pain or force and it kept happening consecutively for about an hour, since then it feels sore and like its bruised on the inside, i can straighten it when its unlocked but with pain, kinda hurts to go up the stairs and it keep giving me that pain of when it needs to be unlocked but it is unlocked", "title": "My knee locked really bad where I couldn\u2019t unlock it without horrible pain or force?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 59 year old male. I had prostrate surgery due to enlargement. Not cancer, question is when I have sex I can\u2019t produce sperm. Is this normal after surgery or do I have a blockage", "title": "I can\u2019t produce sperm, is it normal after prostate surgery?"}
{"text": "28 female\nSwimmers ear\nWas given cyprodex I have gone back to the dr twice the swimmers ear comes back every time I stop the drops", "title": "I have swimmers ear , cyprodex doesn\u2019t work?"}
{"text": "My mother was diagnosed with a fibro-elastoma (1.5cmx 2cm) in PML of heart about an year ago. It was an accidental discovery during the clearance for surgical removal of a lipoma in left underarm. She had no symptoms except for prolonged mild fever which has stopped since the last 3 months.   Recently a growth in the  tumor (about 0.5cm) was reported through echo. The doctor advised Cardiac MRI.\nThe Cardiac MRI gave a different picture. The size is about 2.5 to 3 cm (about 0.5cm  growth in an year)\nThe tumor is not attached to any valve, instead it\u2019s on the inner side of heart chamber (no damage to the heart wall)\n The radiologist says its giving a very high contrast which means its vascular\nThey say it could be connected to the lipoma in her underarm(the lipoma was diagnosed through biopsy an year ago)\nThey say there is a 50-50 chance that the heart tumor is cancerous, and to confirm a biopsy will be done of the tumor which requires open heart surgery\nWe need your advise on how to take this thing forward. The tumor has been there for about  1.5 hear without a growth like that of cancer and my mother is normal without any symptoms except for Diabetes, high blood pressure and plus she is over weight .Your help in this regard will be highly appreciate", "title": "Diagnosed with a heart fibro-elastoma , 50-50 chances it is cancer, how to take this thing forward?"}
{"text": "Hi I am a 28 years old female with ongoing health problems for 6 years. At first it was only urinary infection followed by, what doctor told me, is only IBS. Year after year I felt worse. Body aches, back, hips, knees and ankles with swelling. Then my muscles started to hurt I felt a lot of stifness and weakness. Chronic fatigue, chronic bowel problems, urinary problems, sleep sweats, not being able to stand for long time, can\u2019t stand heat. Nausea, sweating, pelvic pain, bowel pain, redness on my face after taking a bath. No medications. My results in a past year and I\u2019ve done them few times were like this, everything good but these:urine amylase from 1600 to 1900lymphocites around 62%neutrophil granulocyte around 32%RDW 10vitamin D only 5blood creatinine 84umol urine protein was saying only +++ hig", "title": "Do I have  Lupus or some chronic viral infection?"}
{"text": "My partner is a 59 year old male who was diagnosed with stage 2 throat and neck cancers three months ago.\nThe tumors we can see are obviously around his throat but go around his ear and the back of his head.\nWe know he has tumors on his sinus and tonsils.\nHe has lost the ability to swallow and his speech is all but gone, he has a constant headache that prevents sleep, he is in agony around his face and neck/shoulders.\nSo far he has done one session of chemotherapy and four radiotherapy however, it hasn\u2019t decreased his tumors as they are now three times the size!!!\nBefore he started treatment he experienced momentary blindness and halucinations.\nInitially the doctors gave him oxycodeine but then declined to give him more as they said his throat is going to close and they plan to keep him in hospital on a morphine drip!!!\nNow I am worried that they are putting him through chemo and radiotherapy for naught.\nIs it possible that the cancer is spreading and can it spread to the brain", "title": "Stage 2 throat and neck cancer, undergoing chemo and radiotherapy, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I AM A MALE GENDER WITH  AGE OF 22  YEARS, AND I AM FROM KENYA.\nMY PROBLEM IS THAT I HAVE A KNEE PROBLEM, I FELL DOWN ONCE A DAY WHICH HAPPENED 4 YEARS BACK SINCE I FELL DOWN AND GOT SOME CHANGES AFTER THAT TIME, ESPECIALLY PAIN EVERY AFTER SOME PERIOD TILL NOW 2016 IT HAS BEEN INCREASED THE PAIN, ON 2012 I WENT FOR A  HOSPITAL FOR X-RAY, THEN I GOT A REPORT ONLY FROM THE HOSPITAL, WITHOUT SEEING THE SPECIALIST DOCTOR OF RADIOLOGY. SO NOW I AM ATTACHING AND SENDING THE REPORT OF THE KNEE X-RAY AND NEED TO KNOW MORE DETAILS ABOUT MY ESSENCE PROBLEM INSIDE THE KNEE.", "title": "I have a knee problem, pain is increasing?"}
{"text": "hi my husband is a 45 yr old male who has had bad bronchitis lately and has been in and out of the ER lately for it. They have had him on steroids and has had some discomfort in his sides but today he woke up with a huge bruise the size of a mans shoe on his side and he hasnt fallen or run into anythin", "title": "Had bad bronchitis lately woke up with a huge bruise on side?"}
{"text": "Hello I am (\u2026), 21 yo. In the past 9 months I have had a series of tests into the investigation of a number of my symptoms. Nothing of significance became evident, although I still have my doubts.My bloods show a very small rise in my tumor marker ca19.9. Nothing of concern. Polycystic ovaries were found through ultrasound. Endometriosis has been suspected through abdominal CT. Pars defect consistent with spondylilosis L5, through CT spin. Sinus tachycardia and symbolic murmur through eco. My colonoscopy and gastroscopy came back OK, papalomia removed esophagus. Bacterialitice of vagina diagnosis through cervix swab. Breast cyst through ultrasound", "title": "I have lost 9kg in 2 months with no exercise and horrible diet. Vomit every day. Headache constantly. Fatigue. Weakness?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 15 and I\u2019m from Texas. I only take medicine for my allergies with IS Claritin. I let my finger nail get long and I think it grew a little bit into the side of my skin. So when I cut it, I didn\u2019t notice anything on my finger except a sort of hole or separation between my skin and fingernail. I put some antibiotic ointment on it, washed it and put a bandaid on it but every time I touch it or accidentally bump it it hurts like crazy. I took off the bandaids just now and there is a red bump with yellowish clearing stuff coming Out. There is the same yellowish goo on my bandaid. Also my finger is a lot warmer than my other fingers. Just today did my finger start hurting without me touching and is almost completely numb", "title": "Infected finger becoming numb?"}
{"text": "Hello, i am female 27 years old. after a months of terrible bone pain and muscle spasms i was diagnosed with celiac disease. But 3 weeks after diagnose, my control blood work showed low leukocytes (3,6). One month before it was 5.1! Is there something to worry about? I am really concerned since i have terrible bone pain, i am on gluten free diet only 14 days. I know that bone pain is quite common for silent celiac disease but i am worried it might be cancer also. My alkaline phosfate was in normal range (0,89). My calcium was month ago low (2,07) and now is normal (2,42) but such increasing is worrying me it might be osteosarcoma or multiple myeloma. I have to say that my bones hurts all over the body. Sometimes fingers (hands) sometimes long leg bones. I am low on D vitamin, my B12 wasnt checked. Thank you so much!!", "title": "I have terrible bone pain and muscle spasms, is it due to Celiac disease or other condition?"}
{"text": "32 female, went to er week ago diagnosed with abnormal liver function test and gallbladder disease. Gave me meds there and sent me home with pain meds. I\u2019m starting to have pain again and it\u2019s the same it started last week. I have no insurance and don\u2019t know what to do. Will they take it out if I have no insurance? Should I go back to er", "title": "Diagnosed with abnormal liver function and gallbladder disease, what should I do next?"}
{"text": "I am 65.  I was diagnosed with pinched sciatic nerve on right side.  I have a screw from a lumbar fusion in2004 that has come undone.  I will have surgery done next month.  I am taking flexibility, 800 ibuprofen, norco and I start on steroid pack tomorrow.  My question is my ankle and foot are swollen.  Is that something to aware of?  I have put ice on it.  But it was numb and hurt from nerve.  Now this has happened.  I was a little concerned,  also will the steroids have the swelling.  My doctor usually swelling is not associated with it", "title": "My ankle and foot are swollen, will it or meds affect my lumbar surgery next month?"}
{"text": "I am a 20 year old male, with no relevant medical history or allergies. For about a week now I have been experiencing major headaches. During the day these headaches do not go away, it is a constant heavy pain (feels as though there is a lot of pressure) and are very noticeable in all areas of my head as well as upper nose and the back of my eyes. This makes every task painful. Even simple tasks like pouring a bowl of cereal.\nAt night, I am being woken up very violently about every hour or so with a throbbing pain and feels as though there is a lot of pressure on both of my temple regions. Since I have also had a very painful sore throat for the same amount of time, when I wake up throughout the night there is an excessive amount of saliva in my mouth. It is very painful to swallow and no matter how much water I drink my mouth is always dry.", "title": "I have major headaches, painful throat, excessive saliva?"}
{"text": "My son is 8 months old and coughs all the time, he has a rumble in the back and also a hard tummy with rumbles. He wakes at night and I cycle his legs,  rub his tummy etc  and at night he will finally settle after he has passed wind his bottom end. He struggles to pass wind the bottom  end and will cry and cough until he has.  The doctors have given him ranitidine,  omeprazole and an inhaler but none of these work.  Should he be struggling this much to pass wind? I\u2019ve also tried over the counter remedies like infacol,  colief etc but none work", "title": "My son is 8 months old and coughs all the time and has a hard tummy?"}
{"text": "Female age 71, work out a lot, 5 feet 2 inches tall weight is 120-125 range (fluctuates),  10 cardiac stents, on Hormone replacement therapy since 2007, double pneumonia at age 30, total hysterectomy in 2007, reynaud\u2019s disease, rheumatic fever at age 5, 3 concussions since age 8Question:\nI have a TSH of 11.61,\nT3 uptake of 29 (on a scale of 22-35%);\nT4 total of 5.6 (on scale of 4.5-12 mcg/dL\nT3 reverse of 17 (scale of 8-25 ng/dL)\nT3 total of 80 (on a scale of 76-181 ng/dL)\nT4 Free of 0.8 (on a scale of  0.8-1.8 ng/dL)\nT3 Free  of 2.2 (on scale of 2.3-4.2pg/mLOn 60 mcg of Synthroid currently. Should I be taking more", "title": "On 60 mcg of Synthroid currently. Should I be taking more?"}
{"text": "My 8-month-old daughter just developed this sore/rash on her scalp. I can\u2019t tell if it\u2019s eczema, cradle cap, or psoriasis. Her father suffers from plaque psoriasis as well, so I\u2019m a little concerned. Is there a cream or anything I can use? A friend suggested colloidal silver as well. Any help would be much appreciated", "title": "My 8-month-old daughter just developed this sore/rash on her scalp?"}
{"text": "Im 24 female i have a history of depression i take hydrocodone because i fractured my spine. My vision seems to be skipping. Say for example if you did a 360 with a camera around the room it would skip or kinda like when ur watching a movie and the cd is scratched so it skips scenes. When this happens it throws me off from what im doin its scary and i kinda have to stop for a few seconds to regroup its only skips for about 3 or 5 seconds bt as i get older it happens more frequently and it scared m", "title": "I fractured my spine now have vision problems?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019ve been ill for two years. It started with facial paralysis,  a bad earache, parotitis and meningitis. Then later I was crossing the street wearing a heavy backpack and felt something weird in my neck and left hip. I had a painful neck and painful sacral area so severe that I went to the Er twice to make sure nothing was broken. Heavy sweating, tremors and spasms started along with blurred and double vision. Turns out I have Lyme disease. Treating it has been really scary because the symptoms have not yet gone away, so I\u2019ve been trying to figure out other answers while I continue to treat Lyme. The symptom I am most concerned about is neck weakness and arm shaking. My head moves around on its own and when I bend my head I get either Lhermitte\u2019s sign or my spine will twitch out of place. I also have tremor after movement, like an aftershock. I get this in small areas, like my forearm, or large areas; like when I move my leg my head will bounce around. For some part of every day I have tremors in most of my body including my trunk and legs. My neck gets very tired and my jaws also get tired if I talk, so I can\u2019t do either for very long, maybe ten minutes or so.  I have severe vertigo because of the head titubations and my face pulls to one side. I\u2019ve had numerous consults with neurologists who do neuro exams and pronounce that I\u2019m fine and state that they can\u2019t explain the other symptoms. One suggested I have a vestibular disorder. My question is, is it possible that on top of the Lyme my symptoms could be caused by damage to my cervical or lumbar spine? Could my spine have twisted to give me tremor, vertigo, titubation etc? Or is it all caused by the Lyme? I\u2019ve had MRIs of brain, cervical and lumbar regions and have disc bulges and herniations at every level. I did consult with a neurosurgeon who stated that the herniations were not a problem, but serious muscle twitches and radiculopathy started right after the event with my neck. I\u2019m concerned that my condition is permanent or untreatable", "title": "I\u2019ve been ill for two years,  Lyme disease, neck weakness and arm shaking, is my condition treatable?"}
{"text": "I am 27, male. For about a year I\u2019ve been experiencing dry mouth, mostly before I go to bed and when I wake up in the morning. It\u2019s mostly my tongue that is dry, but sometimes it\u2019s my whole mouth and the back of my throat.I have been to multiple doctors, including two ENT\u2019s, and no one can seem to figure out whats wrong. I\u2019ve had a full blood test taken as well as tested for Sjogren\u2019s diseases, all negative. No other symptoms seem to be affecting me. I eat healthy, a high fat, low carb diet. I drink lots of water but that doesn\u2019t seem to help.Hoping someone can help", "title": "My tongue, mouth and back of throat are dry, doctors and ENT don\u2019t know why?"}
{"text": "Someone I know is going to require heart valve replacement surgery. He has some concerns. He as random head aches and his scared it may happen during surgery and cause damage. He was wondering could that be a risk factor and force the doctor to use other treatment options", "title": "Having heart valve replacement surgery, concerned about risk factors and other treatment options?"}
{"text": "I have been suffering with Shoulder pain on and off since I was 14 years of age (5 years). The doctors originally sent me for Physio-therapy which had no effect other than making the pain within my shoulder worse and if not anything introduced me to new pains within the same region. When I went back to the Doctors they told me what the Physio had done had actually made it worse and sent me to a specialist pain hospital to try and determine what to do. AGAIN I was sent for more Physio-therapy but to no avail as this again made it worse, but this Physio did also offer to try acupuncture, which I accepted. For 6 months after a few rounds of Acupuncture I felt a definite improvement in my shoulder but after 6 months the symptoms came back. This is when I decided to go back to my doctors and ask for more acupuncture as it seemed to have worked to some extent. The doctors I attend told me they already had a qualified GP in the Doctors who could perform acupuncture and therefore I wouldn\u2019t need to go back to the lady I had, had previously. The woman I went to was originally very good, but one day she put a needle in around my elbow and I felt it hit the nerve as it was incredibly painful but I also felt a sudden rush of pins and needles down my arm and couldn\u2019t feel part of my hand properly. I raised my concern with the doctor explaining that it was in the nerve to which she pushed it further and asked \u2018is that through\u2019!!! Since then my injury has become practically debilitating as its a 24hour constant plain that seems to have only gotten progressively worse, the lady also used acupuncture needles in my neck and now I get pain there which I never had before. This happened over a year ago now and another Doctor I went to see believed it was permanent nerve damage but I just wondered what you could recommend", "title": "I have debilitating shoulder pain, acupuncture, physio and doctors may have caused permanent damage?"}
{"text": "I have a horrible pain in my left side every time I orgasm. The area of the pain feels like my ovaries. I have had large cyst on my ovaries before and they went away own their own, but this has been occurring for a month now and I don\u2019t know if I should be concerned. I am a 21 year old white female , 6\u20193 and 170lb", "title": "I have a horrible pain in my left side every time I orgasm?"}
{"text": "I am a 49 year old female.  Last December I was diagnosed Stage II Breast cancer, they found a micro- metastases in my lymph node on the affected side.  I had lumpectomy and lymph node surgery in January, followed by 8 weeks of radiation, no chemotherapy.  Since about April I have been experiencing a stabbing pain in my lower back, the exact same spot each time.  It only lasts a few seconds and dissipates.  But it recurs often, several times a day.  This morning alone is has been occurring several times per hour.  My medical oncologist thinks it must be muscular.  is it possible to experience nerve damage in my back from lymph node surgery", "title": "After lumpectomy, lymph node surgery and radiation therapy, I have stabbing pain in lower back?"}
{"text": "I am a 55 year old women and have pulmonary hypertension, allergies, asthma, I am to have surgery my oxygen stats with oxygen at 4 liters is 94 and without 88 is it to risky to have surgery I have severe sinus blockages and infection so I am having sinus.surgery because I cant breathe through my nose", "title": "I have severe sinus blockages and infection so I am having sinus surgery?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m 18 years old and I\u2019m a female.  I have no medical history problems. I take no medication and I have no allergies. I am struggling with stretch marks. I tried vitamin E tissue oil , tea tree oil, green tea and Arnica oil but not one is making a difference. My skin is horribly damaged and I\u2019m struggling to get it healthy. Any advice would be appreciated", "title": "I am struggling with stretch marks, my skin is horribly damaged?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 26 year old female who was diagnosed with HSV2 in 2009. I gave birth to my son in 2013 and had an outbreak the day after I gave birth to him vaginally. He did not show any signs of infection after birth that we noticed but he currently has a rash on his genital area that concerns me. The shaft of his penis is very red and irritated and he does have a red spot on the head. No raised blisters or lesions. Should I be worried? Did I pass this to my son", "title": "I have Herpes simplex virus 2, I may have passed this to my baby boy?"}
{"text": "Hello\nmy name is (\u2026),I want to ask a question about rheumatology. my wife had a sudden body pain attack and all the joints swollen and lots of body pain about 2 months ago,she is 40 years old and she has no any type of medical illness the pain came just overnight.\nwe consulted a rheumatologist (\u2026),did some tests and were advised to take 6 months of medicine.\nbefore taking medicines i want to have an expert advise on my wife\u2019s case.\nattached are all the documents done November with medical if possible can I have a medical advice", "title": "My wife had a sudden body pain attack we need medical advice before undergoing medical treatment?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 30 year old male, generally good health, no allergies or current medications.  I had a hemorrhoidectomy in June, with a pretty lengthy recovery (~1 month til i felt functional). I drive alot for work, but I\u2019ve done my best to change my diet and eat more fiber.  Everything has been going pretty well, except for a few things.  First and foremost, I think they\u2019re recurring.  I noticed it was \u201cback\u201d on one side.  How often does recurrence happen after surgery?  Can I have another surgery to fix it again if it gets bad?  When they do the surgery do they remove musculature from the anal sphincter?  The other thing I notice is that sometimes after I go, I wipe and I feel it\u2019s clean, I can\u2019t just seem to get 100% clean; there always more to get it seems", "title": "I had a hemorrhoidectomy in June, do I need another one?"}
{"text": "Good day my name is (\u2026), I\u2019m 38 years old.  Female.  I have had 3 C sections. (3 children) and two miscarriages.  I have no serious medical history, but I have been struggling with a few things that are getting worse.  I have had heart fibrillation for many years.  It comes and goes, in the past I would get it maybe three to four times in a year, the last couple of months I have been getting it weekly.  A doctor told me that it might be a magnesium deficiency so I started drinking magnesium.  It is better but I still get it once or twice a week.   I have been struggling with my menstruation as well.  Bleeding heavily, bleeding for three weeks on end and then not having my period for more than a month.  One doctor said its, diabetes 2 and Pcocs, the other one did a sonar and said I had a growth inside my womb, they did blood test etc\u2026 but they couldn\u2019t pick up anything serious.  When I went back for a scan they said it\u2019s not a growth but it might be endometriosis.  I have been struggling the last two years with joint pain and muscle pain.  The last three weeks things have been very bad.  I started feeling nausea, I have intense abdominal pain.  My abdomen is sensitive and swollen, it\u2019s not just one place but every where, my back, my sides.  Going to the bathroom is painful, having sex is painful.  I have constant joint and muscle pain, it feels like flu pains.  I\u2019ve picked up a lot of weight but struggle to eat cause I want to throw up the whole time.  My stomach burns,  I feel bad when I don\u2019t eat and I feel terrible when I do eat.  I have this disgusting metal taste in my mouth. When I wake up in the mornings my face and eyes are swollen, I cant see through my eyes, my hands, feet and ankles are swollen.  I can\u2019t get my shoes on.  I am extremely tired and have absolutely no energy.  Could you please help me, I don\u2019t know if this is serious.  I am currently on no medication.  We have a family history of heart disease and diabetes, fibromalgia and arthritis", "title": "I started feeling nausea, I have intense abdominal pain.  My abdomen, back and sides are sensitive and swollen?"}
{"text": "Hello, I have been having pain behind and above my right eye for 3 to 4 days now it is quite dull.and constant and sometime becomes a little sharper. It has woken me up in the morning and I am unable to go back to sleep. Cocodamol relieves it but when that wears off it comes back. I am 25 years old, male, smoker, currently travelling Asia, drinking a few times per week, no drugs and no other medication. I believe I need glasses as recently I have noticed I am unable to read things clearly that are more than 10 feet away. I am just worried it is something serious. Can you please advice of any possible causes and what action I should take. Thank yo", "title": "I have been having pain behind and above my right eye for 3 to 4 days now?"}
{"text": "I am a 34 yr old female with chronic back pain. I injured my back while lifting a patient in 2011. Herniated some disks. I have spinal stenosis and severe degenerative disk disease. I have had a decompression surgery done at the L5,S1 level, I think. I\u2019ve also had a second surgery to insert a steel cage, rods and screws into my back. The decompression surgery gave me no relief and the cage helped for about 2-3 months. Following my last MRI, my neurosurgeon says that I have an overgrowth of bone ony left side and a lot of narrowing on my right side. I am in pain\u2026severe pain.currently taking narco 10 three times a day and xanflex twice a day. Neuro wants to do another decompression surgery, but it didn\u2019t help in the first place. I can\u2019t sit, stand or walk for an extended amount of time. The sides of my thighs are throbbing. What do you suggest", "title": "I have chronic back pain neurosurgeon wants to do another decompression surgery?"}
{"text": "(My name is \u2026 female) 25, No special medical conditions. Ballet Dancer, previous sprained ankles.I went to a theme park and did an activity where I took a 10 meter jump onto a soft landing pad (ones where they put below lumpers off a building in movies) and my ankle felt a sharp pain. I found out that it was slightly fractured, but I am not sure whether to go for surgery or not as I have both options. I have attached a detailed scan summary and 2 x rays. Please let me know your thoughts. Thanks", "title": "I am Ballet Dancer have slightly fractured ankle should I have surgery?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m 16 years old and from Denmark.\nSo, I\u2019ll try my best to write in English. I\u2019ve since spring this year experienced 5 time periods on a week each were I have been out of myself.\nHalf of the times it has been after drinking alcohol and other times just randomly.\nIn these 7 days were I\u2019m having \u2018this thing\u2019 I at first feel really confused. It feels like my normal knowledge and polish has been left outside of a box i\u2019m trapped in. I can\u2019t figure anything out and I feel like i\u2019m dreaming all the time: when people speak to me/or when i\u2019m speaking to people, i do not seem to signal it all the time and i can actually end up answering with mumble.\nI feel stupid basic and frustrated, because i can\u2019t figure out why my brain won\u2019t work and why I don\u2019t seem to solve the normal stuff like knowing what time it is, putting on lipstick, finding stuff and even just figuring out how to speak without speaking in haze and feeling like i\u2019m just dreaming. In the end of the period it\u2019s the hardest: i\u2019m so tired and i do not care about anything, because i\u2019m tired of fightig my brain to stay \u2018clever\u2019  \u2013 i fall asleep almost every hour no matter where, and end up taking a day off because i just can\u2019t take it anymore and i have to sleep, so i do not feel like i\u2019m living in a world i can\u2019t figure out how to live in. I almost feel drunk, just in 7 days.\nI\u2019ve had an MR-scan but it didn\u2019t show anythin", "title": "I have episodes where at first I feel really confused and then fall into a daze?"}
{"text": "hi doc. my grandma is 74 years old and she slip on the floor yesterday.. her bone in her arm and hip dislocate.. the doctor here put cement on her arm and said that she needed an operation on her hip but my grandma has a heart problem and they were afraid that my grandma wont survive the operation. attach with it is the xray of her arm and hi", "title": "My grandma slipped on the floor yesterday her bone in her arm and hip dislocated?"}
{"text": "I have on going dull knee pains for over two years, recently I had also had elbow, ankle and wrist pains also. Four days ago my knee (completely out of the blue no injury) began to feel extremely sore. I haven\u2019t been able to straighten or fully bend it since Saturday. It feels like there is a balloon in my kneecap that I can burst. Background: I am an extremely active dance teacher and studio owner. I have been diagnosed with hemochromatosis three years ago", "title": "I have on going dull knee pains for over two years?"}
{"text": "I am an almost 18 years old boy and my hands shake. Approximately I have hand shaking problems since I was 14.\nI am nervous usually.\nMy hands shake all the time during any activity I make: for exemple: during eating, when I hold something in my hand or when I just lay on my bed. When I do something in front of someone my hands start to shake much more harder.\nI think it is normal if your hands shake when you are nervous, but my hands shake everytime and it\u2019s not normal.\nIt is important to me, because I want to be a doctor, probably a phatologist and my hands are not allowed to shake for this profession.\nI think it is a kind of neurological problem.\nWhat could be it?..what kind of medicines could help me?\nIn 2014 I had diagnosed with parathyroid cyst, it was cured with punction/with the punction of the cyst. The removed liquid was watery and transparent-> parathyroid cyst.\nI don\u2019t have hypo- or hyperparathyroidism, my PTH and Ca levels are normal.\nI take Vitamin-D for my bones.\nMy height is 155 cm (5 ft 1 in).\nThese problems are related to my hand tremors?\nWill I grow taller", "title": "I have hand shaking problems since I was 14?"}
{"text": "51 male,i go into periods of not talking to partner or children for a few days,totally disengaging myself from what\u2019s going on,then I just come back to normal,this is now causing huge problems in the relationshi", "title": "I go into periods of not talking to partner or children for a few days,totally disengaging myself?"}
{"text": "My father  is 53 years old, a month ago he saw some swelling and after two days he saw blood clots in his leg. he went to doctor, they said he diagnosed with superior venues thrombosis. then after further blood testing they fund out he has hairy cell leukemia. right now he is taking wafarin and enoxaprin sodium injection, but in his belly there is blood clots formed what he can do to stop the pain and clots? help us please", "title": "My father has hairy cell leukemia blood clots formed in belly, how to stop pain and clots?"}
{"text": "Hi, my son is 8 weeks old and has had diarrhea (total water with a tint) and mucusy green diarrhea for a week and four days. He has had projectile vomiting, sweats (but no fever) and his sleep and demeanor have changed. Tonight, he began wheezing/crying/screaming in his sleep.\nThe dr ruled out dehydration and all bacterial viruses and blood from a stool sample this past Tuesday. I have been dairy- free for a week and a half without any change in his stools.Tonight, he won\u2019t sleep and has been crying/wheezing in his sleep.\nHe has GERD and takes 0.5 mg of a prescription medication for it. We also give him gripe water every four hours and gas drops with every feed. He has no known allergies. He just had a VCUG procedure done, but the results were negative.\nWhat do i do? What could it be? All I\u2019ve been able to find online is Pyloric Stenosis and Gastroenteritis and that terrifies me", "title": "My son is 8 weeks old and has had mucus green diarrhea almost 2 weeks?"}
{"text": "hi! I am 23 years old woman in normal shape (height 164cm and weight 53kg) and I have quite healthy lifestyle. I have recently experienced dizziness, nausea and shortness of breath.Dizziness was so bad 2 days ago that I couldn\u2019t stand up over 2-3min. Also I have been feeling tired for few months. Even after 12 hours of sleep I don\u2019t feel like I\u2019m rested. I have trouble with concentration. I have experienced night sweats which I haven\u2019t experienced before as I mostly feel cold not warm. Usually my hands and feet are cold which I have thought is because of bad circulation. I have had headaches about  once a week for few months. Only medication I take is contraception pills and occasionally vitamin D and B. This situation has disturbed my everyday activities and working and I Would appreciate to get some advice how to solve it. Thank you", "title": "I have night sweats, dizziness, nausea and shortness of breath?"}
{"text": "Hi,I am a 31 year old relatively healthy woman. Recently I have been having bouts of severe stomach pain. I am 50% sure it has a lot to do with the excessive amounts of ibuprofen I was taking for a severe toothache that was later pulled. The pain is in my upper right side of my abdominal. The pain stays there yet if severe enough, effects my right shoulder and back. There are days that I cannot stand up straight, and find myself doubled over in intense pain with nausea. I checked myself into the ER and had a stool test and blood test performed, however the dr informed me that all of the test came back negative and she prescribed Zantac 150 for GERD which does nothing for me.I am still in constant pain and have not been eating well. Any idea what this could be?  Symptoms:\nSevere stomach pain in the upper center/right side of my stomach\nNausea\nShoulder and back pain (when pain is unbearable)\nI have not taken any pain meds/NSAID (besides sumatriptan for migraines) in about 3 week", "title": "I have been having bouts of severe stomach pain?"}
{"text": "Hi doc.I was at my fiancee house the other day and got extreme pain on my right side.went to ER.Dr said I had chronic pancreatitis with a 1400 level to it he wanted to admit me but I promised him I would go see my CON and he let me go.Next day the pain was gone.went to see my Dr and she ordered lab work done.My girls mom died of pancreatic cancer and wonders why my Dr did not admit me.Am I out of danger now that the pain is gone for now or should I b in the hospital like today getting antibiotics and whatever else I need", "title": "I had chronic pancreatitis with a 1400 level, should I be hospitalized?"}
{"text": "My mother is 72 and was generally healthy until few months ago\u2026she had breast cancer 8 years ago but is in remission\u2026.she have done tests yearly\u2026.in April she had an light stroke\u2026.afterwards she seemed fine, but now she is very tired all the time and when she stands up for a little while, she wants to pass out. She loves coffee, but suddenly developed a very strong aversion towards it\u2026so bad that if she smells it, she want to throw up. She also has a very bad constant cough. She did blood tests, but everything came back as normal and the dr said that they did not find anything wrong\u2026..they tested for iron and magnesium deficiency, thyroid function and a full blood count\u2026they also tested for cancer\u2026I am very worried about her because something is definitely wrong\u2026.and now she does not want to go back. Can you please tell me where to go nex", "title": "My mother is 72 when she stands up for a little while she wants to pass out?"}
{"text": "29 female.. Had a stroke on the brain in 2012 its 2016 i cant get no more than 5 hours of sleep a day.. I stay mad.. See everything backwards then i see them the right way. Anxiety out the roof.. Dont wanna do anything please hel", "title": "Had a stroke on the brain in 2012 its 2016 i cant get no more than 5 hours of sleep a day?"}
{"text": "Age 55, female, spinal degeneration. I am scheduled this week to have a caudal injection. It was originally scheduled to be performed in a surgery center with anesthesia, but my insurance would not cover it so it has been moved to the doctor\u2019s office with a local anesthetic. Is this change in procedure typical, and is there any difference in the risks or recovery that I can expect due to the change in venue", "title": "I am scheduled this week to have a caudal injection. Doctor\u2019s office or surgery center?"}
{"text": "Hello I am 21 male. I recently have had some heart related issues. I went to 2 cardiologist and they did not help me so I hope you can at least give me some more information. Let me explain in more details.Currently I have the pain in the chest and constantly hear the high pitched sound in my right ear, it intensifies when I lay to sleep, and sometimes it even awakens me during the night it becomes really high pitched. Sometimes my arm goes numb when I place it in certain position, it feels like the blood vessels was blocked as soon as I move the arm it goes back to normal. I used to have bronchitis as young. Also I smoked for 6 months period, very bad decision of mine but cant do anything about it retroactively. Sometimes I took some stimulants I also hope that did not destroy my heart. At the moment I fear that I have some sort of combination of heart and lung disease. The doctors I went to did some tests including EKG etc. and said there was nothing wrong. What should I do", "title": "Currently I have the pain in the chest and constantly hear the high pitched sound in my right ear?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am a 21 year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication. At 16 I was diagnosed with manic depression, anxiety disorder, and ptsd. At 17 I attempted suicide and spent time in a mental hospital. However after being placed with my religious grandmother she took me off all my medication, and I haven\u2019t been on any since. I have been very agitated, extremely depressed and anti social as of late. As a professional would you advise me to go back on medication", "title": "I am a 21 year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?"}
{"text": "I am a 20 year old man and since my 15 years old more or less I get red eyes every day. I don\u2019t know why, there are various reasons that cause me red eyes, so I don\u2019t know what it the problem.\nSometimes I get red eyes just for nothing, sometimes when the sun is strong and I don\u2019t use sunglasses, sometimes when I don\u2019t sleep enough, everytime I go out at night and feel my eyes are tired and they get red. And my eyes aren\u2019t just a little bit red, they get so red to the point that all the people around me notice it and causes discomfort even to them. I have already talked to a doctor but I think she doesn\u2019t care much and says it must be allergies, but I think it\u2019s not because I have red eyes everyday and I don\u2019t feel like I have any other allergy symptom. She prescribed me an eye drop named Allergodil, and it sometimes reduces the redness a little bit but most times it does nothing.\nI really need help because I don\u2019t know what to do anymore and because it is a thing that really affects my life, especially my self-esteem.\nI hope you can help me", "title": "I am a 20 year old man and get red eyes every day?"}
{"text": "My wife and I have been trying to have a baby for a couple years. We went to an Infertility doctor and they had me do a semen analysis. The doctor told my wife by phone that \u201cI was low on all 3 levels\u201d\u2026.not sure what that meant. We recently moved to a different state so we had to establish a new doctor and he had me do the same thing but this time said my results were \u201cok\u201d. Can someone please tell me if my results are well enough to have a child?\nConcentration = 80 million/ml\nMotility = 47.5% Progression\nAgglutination = None\nWBC = 0\nProgression = 2+\npH = 8.2\nRBC = 0\nNormal Morph = 8% Tapered Head\nAmorphous Head = 86% Midpiece Defect\nMacrohead = 0% Tail Defect\nMicrohead = 1% Immature", "title": "Are my semen analysis results good enough to have a child?"}
{"text": "My wife is pregnant from past 5 months.\nFetal echo cardiography report says my baby has LARGE SUBAORTIC MALALIGNED VENTRICULAR SEPTAL DEFECT.  and  PELVICALYCEAL DILATION/ RENAL CORTICAL CYST SEEN ON RIGHT SIDE.My previous pregnancy also detected with pulmonary atresia with vsd- top done.And current pregnancy also detected with digeorge 22q11.2 syndrome.Doctors suggested to abort but i think of continue the pregnancy.\nWill my baby survive after birth", "title": "Fetal echo cardiography done, Doctors suggested to abort but we want to continue?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 21 years old female, 3 years post gastric sleeve. I\u2019ve been dealing with neurological problems for over a year and last may my doctor asked me to take a vit B complex because I\u2019m malnutritioned, I took it for a week and I ended up with a x200% or the normal value of B6 levels, my drs asked me to ignore it and stop taking the complex because I reached B6 toxicity. 5 months later its still double the normal level. I have kyphosis, bilateral thyroid nodules and tremors. i\u2019m also anemic with a ferritin level of 4. And I went into tetany 4-5 times this year after hyperventilating", "title": "My B6 levels are at toxicity levels, what is wrong?"}
{"text": "Female 53 years old having chronic pain between shoulders for over 3. Months burning pulling like pain on certain movements,bulging upper neck of spine,pain is low to moderate aggravated when lifting heavy objects,I\u2019m used to carrying heavy hand bags laundr", "title": "53 years old having chronic pain between shoulders for over 3. months?"}
{"text": "I am a 33 year old female.  I have been getting shingle outbreaks since I was 6 years old. I would get it once a year around the same time until high school.  I then started getting it about twice a year.  As I got older the outbreaks became more frequent, 3-4 times a year and even 2 outbreaks at one time.  I get it on the back of my neck everytime either on the left side, which is usually the side it breaks out in, but I do get it on the right side also. There was 2 times in which the outbreaks came out on both sides of my neck.  When I get it on the left side it is always right on the side of the bottom bone of neck where neck ends and back spine begins.  When I get it on the right side, it runs down on the outer side of the back of my neck.  This year I have had 4 outbreaks, Feb., April, July and right now.  I have had discussions with my doctor about the shingle vaccine since it came out and he has always been against it because of my age and the vaccine has only been tested in older people.  With the outbreaks becoming more frequent over the past few years, we discussed it again with my current outbreak and he would like to try it.  I am all for it if it will help but have concerns because of my age.  With my history of shingle outbreaks being so long and extensive, do you believe it will help prevent my outbreaks completely or atleast minimize my outbreaks?  What concerns/issues do you have with getting the vaccination at my age and history?  If I would want to have another baby a couple years from now, could the vaccination affect the pregnancy/child", "title": "I am 33 years old, I need shingles vaccine, but am I too young to have it?"}
{"text": "I am a 18 year old girl who has been suffering for pressure and pain behind eyes for almost three years. At first it came in periods during the day, but for five months now it has been a constant paind varying between weak and moderate. It is at its worst when I wake up (which makes my mood negatively effected by this) and when I lay flat down. It also hurts severely when concentraiting, and especially when looking up.\nI have had no surgeries or been diagnosed for any sicknesses before. I do not have any other symptoms except from getting tired of the pressure, making me having to sleep on daytime.\nDo you know what this could be", "title": "I\u2019ve been suffering from pressure and pain behind eyes for almost three years?"}
{"text": "I am a 50 years old woman. I am stressful sometimes because of my job and the daily problems. 5 years ago I was diagnosed with helicobacter pylori infection, I got some medications to cure it. I have now constipation problems and I also have bile reflux, villious athropy and stomach ulcers. I have daily abdominal pain. I have nausea after every lunch, every day, and it lasts until I go to bed at night. What causes this?\nI don\u2019t eat fatty and unhealthy foods.\nIn my country the doctors can\u2019t help me, they don\u2019t know what causes my symptomes and what treatments to use. The medicines/medications they gave to me are not effective. I take Lansul which contains lansoprazole, Metoclopramide and Xanax.\nI want to know what causes my symptoms and what is the treatment for it or what kind of medicines should I take.\nI\u2019d appreciate if you could help", "title": "Diagnosed with helicobacter pylori infection, I  now have constipation problems, bile reflux, villious athropy and stomach ulcers"}
{"text": "I have insomnia, have had it for quite a few years. As a result a very messed up sleep schedule. Was told I had RBC (red blood cell count)deficiency as well. Past few months have been falling asleep, unable to control it. Occasionally experience severe weakness throughout body and skin is painful to touch. What might this signify", "title": "I have insomnia, have had it for quite a few years. Was told I had RBC (red blood cell count)deficiency as well?"}
{"text": "26 year old female. Regular relationship, no kids, birth control since 16. Around three months ago I had a dull pain in my lower right stomach pop up followed my what seemed to be two heavy periods in one month. I have been checked for appendicitis and it wasn\u2019t that. I haven\u2019t had a period since. My blood tests were only slightly off leaning towards diabetes. My white cell count was slightly off then seemed to get better. The pain began moving to and from my groin. I went back to the doc and it seems my inguinal lymph node is swollen and won\u2019t go down. I\u2019ve noticed my left boob feels heavy and fuller but doesn\u2019t hurt. The doc thinks I have pcos and may have a cyst but would it give me trouble for this long? Also I\u2019m supposed to get my thyroid checked, could this be related", "title": "I had a dull pain in my lower right stomach, need a second opinion?"}
{"text": "Dear Doc,Im a 22 year old female, when I was very young ( 5 years old) ,had undergone a lobectomy for the left lung. Since then, I have fluctuating temperature in my body. Basically, my left hand side is always cold & I do not sweat over on the same side but, my right hand side is what I feel as a normal temperature which is  warm enough to feel human.\nAlso, I have a odd bump on my back which looks like a hunch back.\nCan you please explain me the causes for all this? Is my doubt of all this is because of the surgery right??", "title": "I underwent a lung lobectomy, now the left side of my body is always cold?"}
{"text": "I am 26 years old and took the depo shot for the first time in October. It is now December and I\u2019m not going back to the doctor on the 29th to get my second shot. To try to stop all the bleeding that I\u2019m having I put myself back on the patch yesterday. When will my period or spotting stop because I am have been bleeding for 4 weeks now", "title": "Took depo shot, when will bleeding stop?"}
{"text": "I am a 28 year old female. I have been experiencing upper right abdominal pain on a daily basis for 5 months. I have normal bowel movements daily, no nausea, no fever, no vomiting, no other symptoms except this side pain. It ranges from a sharp, quick burning pain to a constant dull pain and happens several times throughout the day and doesn\u2019t seem to be connected to food intake. I have had blood work done, an upper abdominal ultrasound, a breath test to see if it\u2019s an ulcer \u2014 all came back clear. I was put on Nexium for 14 days, the pain went away on days 12,13, and 14 and I was pain free for about 5 days after and then the pains returned. My doctor wants to put me on daily Nexium without explaining what\u2019s going on and I don\u2019t want this to be a cover up to a real problem or a medicine I have to live on the rest of my life. If helpful, I have gained about 30 lbs over the last 8 months after switching to a desk job \u2013 this has made me about 15 lbs overweight. The only medication I take is a daily birth control pill: Lo Loestrin Fe. Any help or insight into this pain would be appreciated", "title": "I have been experiencing upper right abdominal pain on a daily basis for 5 months, no solution from doctor?"}
{"text": "i am a 54 yr old post menopausal women.  i breastfed 3 children with no problem. two of them for 15 months+.  eight years ago (december23 2008) my 19 yr old son died from hantavirus. i went from a good 126 lbs to 93 lbs.  i\u2019ve always been small busted but now i look like one of those old women in the national geographic magazine.  i have been dealing with severe diarrhea since a month after my son died. i quit eating or drinking anything with high fructose corn syrup and the diarrhea is now mostly gone, but i can\u2019t gain any weight and i feel like a boy worst part also look like one except for my hair which is mostly white and down to my waist, the only thing that makes me a woman.  help me please! what do i do where do i go what kind of doctor do i need to see or should i just get used to it", "title": "How do I gain weight and what kind of doctor do I need to see?"}
{"text": "28 female with possible undiagnosed family history of Aarskog-Scott syndrome. Does ultrasound (28weeks) show signs of hypertolerism", "title": "Family history of Aarskog-Scott syndrome, does ultrasound of my baby show hypertolerism?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a 33 year old male, I work shift work, 12 hour shifts, 4 days on, 4 off, 4 nights, 4 off repeat. For the last 6 weeks approx, I have vomited every night shift, in a strange way. Always the same manor, and only when I work night shifts. The symptoms start with a cough, now I am a smoker, and I do cough, but these coughs that cause the sickness are very gentle coughs, no force, no phlegm moves, the gentlest cough one could imagine. With in seconds my mouth starts to excessively salivate and I feel nauseous. I will be sick within a few minutes, pretty violently, and will generally feel nauseous until after I have slept. I do not eat different foods when working nights, or do anything different other than the obvious, be awake at night and sleep during the day. I do have some history with heart/chest problems and diagnosed \u2018borderline diabetic\u2019, but I don\u2019t feel these would be a factor to consider, if you disagree I am happy to elaborate more.I have a tendency to start to accept things, and I realised I was starting to accept this vomiting as normal. I have recently moved home and as yet, do not have a GP in this town", "title": "I have vomited every night shift  in a strange way,  starting to accept this vomiting as normal?"}
{"text": "So I\u2019m a 15 year old girl and have recently been diagnosed with HSP (Henoch-Schonlein Purpura). I\u2019ve had it for about 4 weeks, but a much milder version of what I have now. During the first two weeks, i experienced terrible back and stomach pain, frequent urination, and fluid retention in my stomach. In the third week, i experienced vomiting, malaise, blood in my stool and much more severe back and stomach pain and bloating, however the rash subsided. In this fourth week, I was feeling much better and waxed my legs, which caused the rash to flare up much more severely, and i experienced terrible arthritis and frequent urination. I was taken to the hospital and given a urine test, in which they found that I had high amounts of blood and protein in it. The doctors are worried my kidneys might be at risk, and i was just wondering, do my kidneys sound affected and if so, with the absence of a lot of the symptoms of  kidney impairment in this fourth week and the prominent appearance of them previously, could my kidneys have been impaired then repaired themselves on their own this week? But if they haven\u2019t, what happens if my kidneys are infected or leaking", "title": "I have recently been diagnosed with HSP (Henoch-Schonlein Purpura), doctors are worried my kidneys might be at risk, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "My 6 weeks old baby her lips are turning purple and I only breastfed", "title": "My 6 weeks old baby her lips are turning purple and I only breastfed?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m 34 guy. I have been having some symptoms that are of great concern to me like chills (that feel like they hurt my bones), bad shakiness that can be in my hands legs or torso, extreme   and when I do I wake up every 45-60 min sweating and in terror (Like a night terror but when I remember they dreams they aren\u2019t bad), sometime I hallucinate sights and sounds (maybe from lack of sleep), and when I eat regardless of what I develop a burning sweat like a sunburn, not like eating spicy food. I tried different diet and nothing has worked. The last blood test I had showed my thyroid level as 9.43 and I had was told I\u2019m slightly anemic but none of the tests showed anything except that my stored iron was high but my iron level was good. At the same time I injured my neck and have developed a stabbing sensation then feels like an electric shock to the right of my spine. Every time I have gone to the doctors office or emergency room they treat me like I am looking for pain medication even though I state I don\u2019t want any I want help and a diagnosis.  These symptoms have been going on for 6 months or more but my previous doctors told me it was in my head or referred me to a specialist who said it wasn\u2019t their field and I got ping ponged back and forth between my general doctor and random specialist. I just moved to a new state and am trying to find a general doctor, I\u2019m on Medicaid so it\u2019s not easy. Many times they label me as seeking pain medication even tho I specifically tell them I don\u2019t want it, I want help and a diagnosis. Some doctors have suspected an autoimmune disease. I have lost a great deal of muscle and strength. From being a construction working carrying 50+lbs of materials to not being able to carry my small children at times. Can someone please help me? Is their something I\u2019m doing wrong, or a better way to talk to a general doctor about my problems where they won\u2019t treat me poorly? I\u2019m going insane from all of this and don\u2019t know what to do about it", "title": "I have many symptoms: chills, shakiness, trouble sleeping, weakness, need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 29 year old female, I have attacks of severe upper abdominal pain that feels like pancreatitis but all my blood tests and scans have been normal apart from a spike of bilirubin and persistently high red blood count , the Drs don\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong with me! I\u2019ve had acute pancreatitis 3 times in the past , I used to binge drink in my teens. I had my gallbladder out when I was 18, a hysterectomy and appendectomy last year", "title": "I have attacks of severe upper abdominal pain that feels like pancreatitis the doctors don\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong?"}
{"text": "Im a 21 year old male. I was recently diagnosed with innapropriate sinus tachycardia. My first question is, is this really a good diagnoses for me? My resting heart rate is very normal. Around 60 high 50s. It\u2019s only with exertion that my tachycardia comes into play and something as simple as taking a shower gets me up to 150bpm. From what I\u2019ve read people with IST have my symptoms, ASWELL as a resting heart rate usually >100. After my diagnoses day before yesterday I was put on the beta blocker atenolol. My concern with this is its lowering my heart rate with exertion and at rest. Now my resting heart rate is high in the 40s. The reason this concerns me is my second question. I am also prescribed the benzodiazapine klonopin for anxiety. This also lowers my heart rate. I haven\u2019t taken it due to fear of too low of a heart rate. Is it safe to take with a pulse already so low from the beta blocker alone? A bp in the 40s then a nocturnal dip could spell disaster potentially. Thanks", "title": "I was recently diagnosed with innapropriate sinus tachycardia, worried heart rate will go too low?"}
{"text": "I have lost my libido since I used Accutane (Istretonoin) to cure my acne. It has been more than 5 years now since I took a 4 month course of isotretonoin. I still get some sexual feelings but they are forceful and seems like there is not much connection between my brain and penis as I don\u2019t get a complete arousal and my erections are soft and I lose them within few seconds. I did penile doppler test as well and physically everything seemed to be alright. I eat healthy, exercise regularly, don\u2019t smoke nor drink even my fertily is fine as I got my girlfriend pregnant the first time we had sex but I didn\u2019t enjoy much as I was not fully aroused sexually and was trying to force myself to feel it. I have morning woods a few times a week maybe twice but that too soft erections before I used to have hard erections every morning when I woke up. For the last 5 years I never had those kind of erections which I used to have during my teenage days. I am just 26 years old now. Please doctor I need your help, as I told you physically I am fine but the problem is I don\u2019t get sexually aroused much naturally and have soft erections. What should I do to get complete sexual arousal if I see something sexual or while getting intimate with my partner and get hard erections? What supplements (medical or herbal) or treatment should I use to cure and solve my problem? I think a urologist or a neurologist can answer my question properly", "title": "I am only 26, I have lost my libido since I used Accutane?"}
{"text": "Female, Age:20, Skin Infection\nHi, I initially had two small blisters in my foot for around a week. And then it has turned into some nasty kind of scar. It\u2019s too itchy and also little water like liquid flow sometime. I have not taken any medicine till now. It\u2019s getting worse day by day. Can you assist me, what disease is this ? or some medicine\nThank", "title": "I developed blisters, that have grown and it\u2019s getting worse day by day?"}
{"text": "23 year old female diagnosed with chronic anxiety and have had transient anxiety attacks that lead to high heart rate and high blood pressure and fainting. All other medical tests are 100% normal.(heart, lungs, blood, thyroid etc.) What is the best treatment for me? What else do you recommend", "title": "I was diagnosed with chronic anxiety and have had transient anxiety attacks?"}
{"text": "My Labia Minora are swollen with blood. There is no itching, no infection, no soreness, no tenderness\u2026.. You can squeeze them and the blood goes away, but when released the blood returns\u2026. I have no fever no illness ect\u2026\u2026..they are just enlarged. My Doctor prescribed a 2 week course of DahKtarin (in case I had a fungal infection \u2013 even though I had no symptoms, and for swelling) but this has made no difference.What could this be", "title": "My Labia Minora are swollen with blood.  Daktarin doesn\u2019t work?"}
{"text": "my daughter is five years old and just passed a bowel movement with blood also in the toilet. I\u2019m worried because I do not know what could have caused this. what could cause this and what should I do ? thank you for your help \u2013 worried mothe", "title": "my daughter is five years old and just passed a bowel movement with blood?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026male), 25 years old. I am from PH. I am suffering something odd on my body for the past 3 years. Sometimes when I go to sleep, not feeling anything bad, I will wake up with muscles not cooperating with me. It\u2019s not painful when you are just lying or sitting but when you try to use force,  I feel like having muscle cramps from neck to foot. I need to use my full force just to sit from lying in bed, it\u2019s even hard to put slippers on. I can sometimes walk normal during this state of my body but most of the time I can\u2019t. I really don\u2019t know what to do when this happens. The thing is, it only last within a day or sometimes 2. I know I really need to be checked by doctors in person but i\u2019m a little afraid. Can you give me advice or idea what could be my possible illness", "title": "I  wake up with muscles not cooperating with me. I really don\u2019t know what to do when this happens?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026 female) 33 years old,I have asthma and I take ventolin inhaler and seretide inhaler,been having difficulty in breathing for 10 weeks and a constant cough for 6 months with clear phlemg,walking or climbing stairs make it worse,my chest is very wheeze and been admitted 1 with a bad attack and I was given nebuliser and oxygen and antibiotics due to infection and then I went see my gp and she prescribed more antibiotics and steroids as the infection had not cleared I took the full course and now  I\u2019m still coughing up yellow phlegm and now i have constant pain in left side and sleeping at night is terrible cause I\u2019m finding it difficult to breathe,please help I\u2019m at my wits end cause I don\u2019t know what is wrong with me x", "title": "I have asthma and I take ventolin inhaler and seretide inhaler,been having difficulty in breathing for 10 weeks and a constant cough for 6 months with clear phlemg"}
{"text": "I am a 25 year old female working in the jungles of Equatorial New Guinea as part of a research team.  We had a fellow researcher develop some open sores and his leg swelled up about 4 times the original size.  They gave him several antibiotics but nothing is workings. The swelling move into his testicles and he is now urinating blood.  He is still conscious and has a good attitude but the doctors in Malabo can\u2019t figure out what it is and he can\u2019t fly by plane.  They just medivacked him out to a German hospital today.I too developed an open wound but I spoke up before it got too bad, as he waited 6 days before saying anything.  I have been given an antibiotic and the wound has started getting crusty and seems to be healing after a couple days, but the swelling is not going down.  I have attached a couple of pictures.  My question is: should I get on a plane and go back to the United States where I could get some better medical help or should I give it a few days to see if it continues to heal.  The redness around it doesn\u2019t seem to be going away yet.  Any help would be greatly appreciated", "title": "We are in the jungles of Equatorial New Guinea and developed open sores and swollen legs?"}
{"text": "I am a 20 girl .\nI have a problem. Both sides of my face near the nose to the eyes twitch a lot, my nose twitches as well, my eyes aslo twitch.I have that in 8 years .Recently, i went to many neurologists in vietnam.but i recieved different results.The one said that i have face tics .The other one said that i had blephorspam.I have the blood test already to make sure that i dont lack of : magie or kalie,\u2026The result of my blood test is normal, nothing problem in this.I have drank medecine in 3 months but it is still not better at all.I read on the internet that boxtox can help my problem.Can doctor tell me what kind of my problem, do i need to have mrai, and in my situation, can boxtox help .I dont have stress, when i am relax, it is aslo twitch\nThank you doctor a lo", "title": "Both sides of my face, eyes and nose twitch (convulsive movement), what should I do?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 41 years old female and I found a weird looking mole on my breast. I didn\u2019t have this mole and it seems to be growing fast. Should I be concern? Could it be skin cancer?", "title": "I found a weird looking mole on my breast Could it be skin cancer?"}
{"text": "In 2009, I had surgery to remove a very large ovarian tumor (it was a rare cancer that grew big but did not spread, so I was left with one ovary). They made a vertical cut down my entire midline from just under the breastbone all the way down past the belly button. After I recovered, I felt fine, although my abdominal muscles stuck out some, of course. In 2010, I got pregnant and had constant nausea throughout (which at the time I attributed to the pregnancy). I had a C-section in 2011. After the C-section, I still had the constant, debilitating nausea and couldn\u2019t function. It never went away. I had an upper endoscopy done, which showed evidence of GERD (I had wearing away of the esophagus). I tried all sorts of over-the-counter and prescription meds for reflux and nausea, but none helped. A couple years later, I had a laparoscopic Nissen surgery done (which wraps the stomach around the LES to prevent reflux). The surgeon said I had a small hernia, which he did not fix since he said it was very small. I had slight improvement after my reflux surgery, but not much. I still deal with constant nausea. I can barely eat, and I am unable to live life and go anywhere. I am housebound, and at times, bedridden. I am only 38 years old. Obviously my abdominal muscles were cut in half vertically during the tumor surgery of 2009. I suspect that the pregnancy made things worse. I still have some protrusion of my abdominal muscles, as my belly sticks out, as though I am pregnant (I\u2019m not). I\u2019ve tried to do rehab exercises for a possible diastasis recti, but this only causes more nausea. Is it possible that a small hernia and/or diastasis recti could cause this constant nausea? Is there anything else, anatomically, that could be out-of-whack? Could the stomach be pushed out and thus not be in the right position? Is there anything that can be done to fix my constant nausea? It\u2019s not something I can live with. (My ovarian cancer is not the cause, since I\u2019ve been tested, and it has not come back.) Please help", "title": "I had ovarian cancer and reflux surgery I still deal with constant nausea. I can barely eat, and I am unable to live life and go anywhere?"}
{"text": "hi my daughter is 3 weeks and 3 days old up to now. after having the every feeding,she is vomiting from mouth and nasal.\nvolume of vomiting is much large.two UV scan done after kept 10 hours pasting and right after the feeding.\ndoctors are decided according to the scan report this is not the piloris (piloric) stenosis.\nbut all the symptoms are related to the piloris stenosis.please help me advise on thi", "title": "3 week old vomiting from mouth and nose but scan doesn\u2019t show piloric stenosis?"}
{"text": "My Age is 26, Couple of days back i traveled from USA to India for my wedding after 3 years. From 5 days i didn\u2019t get proper motion as i am taking health food and i am hungry too, I am worried a lot don\u2019t know what happened. Other than that my body condition is normal. I am drinking water too", "title": "I don\u2019t get proper motion (bowel movement) and I am hungry, don\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong?"}
{"text": "Hello my name (\u2026 female) I am almost 21 years old, for the past year or so I have noticed a massive change in myself, I have went from being 12 stone down to 8 without having any change of diet or exercise and this was in the space of about 5/6 months I put it down to stress with college but I am no longer under stress. I have always had an issue with my weight so when I first started to lose it I was sort of happy but then it got worrying. I have now started noticing bruises that randomly appear all over my legs without any injury and I am constantly pale in colour. I have been tested for an iron deficiency and thyroid but they came back clear. what could this be", "title": "I have noticed a massive change (weight loss) in myself without having any change of diet or exercise, now worrying?"}
{"text": "Hello! I\u2019m a 19 year old woman and recently I\u2019ve become sexually active. The past 4-5 months. 5 months ago when I went to get my physical done I was referred to a obgyn and my appointment is in 9 more days. I\u2019ve been to the doctors so much I think I live there I had 4 UTI\u2019s and BV 1 time these past months. I\u2019ve recently been to my primary care doctor and had a urinalysis done and a swab for discharge done last month because I thought I had a uti and BV Agian. I experienced pain in my private area, had frequent urination, back pain, yellow-green discharge//no smell//no sign of std,  but there seems to be no problem through the results. they still prescribed me with a penicillin type of antibiotic and I took them the right way. I\u2019m scared something may be wrong with kidneys but couldn\u2019t they find that through urinalysis? For the past two days I\u2019ve now had a fishy smell now come out of my mouth when I wake up and noticed in my rectum area today (same fishy smell) IM TOTALLY A CLEAN PERSON I brush my teeth the right way everyday and take 2-3 showers a day???!. I have been having back pain still, pain in my private area. I haven\u2019t been peeing a lot like I was. I still have a discharge since the doctor visit but there also was nothing wrong through tests swabs \u2026.it has been coming out clumpy and somewhat dry(kind of feels like water / pus) now not yellow/green. I haven\u2019t had sex since 2 months ago and a few weeks ago it came out green but stopped and is clumpy now sometimes very thick and white still no smell. I\u2019m really scared something is wrong with my kidneys?! PLEASE AMSWER !my ob-gyn is in 9 days (again) I\u2019m more worried about my kidneys.THANK YO", "title": "I\u2019m really scared something is wrong with my kidneys?"}
{"text": "I have been having joint pain in my hands, fingers, balls of feet and toes. These areas feel sore, stiff and swollen (they don\u2019t look swollen though) every morning and sometimes during the day. I also feel very tired and like I\u2019ve never had a restful sleep, even though I sleep 7-8 hours per night. This has persisted for 2 months now. I am a 30 year old female with a BMI of 20. I have a 2.5 year old daughter who sometimes picks up viruses which I then end up also getting. My inflammatory blood tests came back normal, my full blood panel was normal, also Ferritin, B Vits and Vit D were also all normal. I take no prescription medication, only an organic 1 a day multi vitamin supplement for women and 1000mg high quality omega 3. I took a high dose probiotic for approx 3 days around 2 months ago but stopped as this was around the time the symptoms started and I was worried the probiotics were causing the symptoms. I exercise 2-3 times per week and eat a varied, mostly organic diet. I suffer with anxiety and aside from this am in otherwise good health", "title": "I have been having joint pain in my hands, fingers, balls of feet and toes. These areas feel sore, stiff and swollen?"}
{"text": "I am coming up to 18 years of age., I am asthmatic and have been diagnosed with Anxiety and Depression. The only medication I have to take are my inhalers \u2013 Seretide Accuhaler and the salbutamol Easyhaler.So I have been ill for about a week now with what my mum thinks might be the flu but I had my flu vaccination 6 weeks ago so I don\u2019t think it\u2019s that and this is the fifth time in the last 2 months that I have been ill.\nI have trouble breathing and I am coughing an awful lot, also my arm becomes uncomfortably numb and it\u2019s even worse when I go into a coughing fit. I\u2019m rather concerned because it\u2019s not the first time it has happened and each time the pain gets worse.\nWhat could be the problem", "title": "I have trouble breathing and I am coughing an awful lot, also my arm becomes uncomfortably numb and it\u2019s even worse when I go into a coughing fit?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 38 yo male with low testosterone levels. It has been confirmed through blood work. I have sleep apnea high blood pressure asthma and I smoke. Also extreme depression anxiety low libido and Ed I believe due to test levels. I\u2019m on benticar htc and the albuterol. I had pneumonia 4 weeks ago blood pressure was elevated then while sick but back to normal now. Question is my Dr says he can\u2019t treat the low test until I stop smoking. Is this normal or am I getting the run around ? Not sure if I should skip the family Dr and see a specialist about this or not cause it is cause alot of problem for myself and my family to the point I\u2019m stressing over if I will end up divorced from this", "title": "Can low testosterone levels be treated while I continue to smoke cigarettes?"}
{"text": "27, Female, Married with 3 children. (No major medical history beyond giving birth) Currently I take a medication called buprenorphine (generic subutex) and have taken it for 6 years. It is for opiate dependency maintenance. I am tapering off buprenorphine and have been for over 4 months. I am on the last month of tapering off, right now. I dont believe my issue is due to the buprenorphine at all. I am also taking clindamycin which has been in my system over 90 hours right now. My issue started about 8 days ago. I had terrible tooth and gum pain on the right side of my mouth with both upper and lower teeth. A couple days later the pain was in my front top two teeth.. The pain has been honestly horrible at times to where i feel like im going to pass out. 1 night i described it as possibly worse than child birth and as stated gave birth to 3 children naturally. About 5 days ago i slept with a heating pad on my face and woke up with a very swollen upper lip, mustache area, and nose.. I went to the ER that day because no dentists were open. They prescribed the clindamycin at 300mgs caps, 4 times a day. The swelling spread to my lower cheek/jaw area by the next day and has been swollen around both side of my lower cheek and jaw/ nose/ upper lip/and mustache line area for a few days now. I went to the dentist yesterday and they took xrays of my teeth but told me there were no abscessed teeth that they could see. They prescribed me an antibacterial oral mouth wash but i do not know what the problem is. I anticipated there to be an infection in my teeth somewhere and possible abscess but also anticipated the swelling and pain to go away at least by 3 days of being on the antibiotic. I dont know what to know nor what could be causing this pain and swelling. I read about it possibly being a sinus infection but i dont have any swelling around my eyes nor forehead. just my lower nose, upper lip, mustache line, and lower cheeks on each side accompanied by pain in my front top tooth. I did have a filling done in between both front teeth about 7/8 weeks ago followed by another filling done in the left bottom side of one of my molars about 1 month ago.. Other than a sinus infection i am worried about the cause of this pain and swelling. Ive read different things about thyroid issues and only bring them up because ive also read that buprenorphine can cause thyroid issues. Any help as to why i would have swelling and pain in so many different areas. I have so much to do because ofchristmas and i dont know if i should go back to the ER, dentist, or a MED express type place. Thanks for reading this", "title": "I had terrible tooth and gum pain on the right side of my mouth with both upper and lower teeth? Dentist doesn\u2019t see anything wrong?"}
{"text": "Hi, my new girlfriend has been breaking out with hives after contact with me (kissing, touch). I live in Canada and she is in Oregon, we\u2019ve spent time together on two occasions in the last month. She has reacted within a few days of contact with small round bumps developing on her shoulders, her back, and her bottom lips. I have never experienced anything like this with any other partner. We have no ideas of what could be causing this. Could she be allergic to my saliva? I take no medications, nor do I use any strong soaps or products. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank Yo", "title": "Is my new girlfriend allergic to me, I mean in a medical way?"}
{"text": "I am a 54 yr old who had stage 4 anal cancer the aggressive tx (treatment) of radiation and chemo saved my life but left me with radiation neuritis of my sciatic nerve causing pain in buttocks and at first my r leg now I had to have my r hip replaced twice within 2 wks this past July due to spontaneous fx. I have been dealing with this pain since may of 1999 (I began tx sept1998)  my Dr had been treating monthly for this pain\u2026now he is returning home to lebanon after treating me for 18+ yrs. He had told his replacement to to send me to a pain clinic I went back to the doctor last Monday he did neither he did not write pain meds or refer me to a new pain doctor\u2026 (what do you recommend?)", "title": "Stage 4 anal cancer left radiation neuritis of sciatic nerve, now in pain?"}
{"text": "Would like to know what I could do about my ankle on the left? It\u2019s been swollen for over a year now, it doesn\u2019t hurt but it looks like I\u2019ve injured my ankle, and I can\u2019t really wear short dresses that show my legs because people start to ask why my left ankle is swollen. Is there anything that can make it look normal again", "title": "I would like to make my left ankle look normal again?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 38 year old male.  No real known health issues other than high cholesterol 239 total.  I\u2019m 5\u20198 172 lbs.  I\u2019m not a smoker or drinker.  Around August and September I started to feel little more tired and legs felt heavy.  I started also to have this disequilibrium or off balance sensation during time of walking.  Dr said was alergies so he put me on fluticasone nasal spray.  Really didn\u2019t help so next was meclizine and didn\u2019t help either.  Well on November 4th I went to ER cause urgent care dr thought maybe I had appendicitis. . Went to ER and did ultra sound of abdomen and blood work. Ultrasound was normal and blood work didn\u2019t show any infection so sent me home and follow up with my dr.  I did so in 3 days, sent me to gastroenterologist and did a hida scan.  Before the scan, I got 2 rashes, small, one on my back and then on mid stomach.  My Dr said it was shingles.  I was in bed for 2 weeks cause I felt so bad with no energy.  Not really any pain.  Went to see another dr cause I was so exhausted and tired..no energy.  He looked at my rashes and said it wasn\u2019t shingles.. did more blood work.. tested be for HIV etc.. came bk and i tested positive for HSV1 virus of 13.54..I am still very exhausted and tired and seem to not be able to get any energy.  Went bk to dr, another dr, did more blood work, tested for lyme disease, rocky mtn spotted fever, b12, all came bk negative.  I had a EBV AB VCA OF 179.0. And AN EBV NUCLEAR ANTIGEN AB 443.  I\u2019m still weak, exhausted, depressed and worried. Just really no answers..tested for hepatitis and all negative.  Please help.. anxiety is out to roof", "title": "I am tired, legs feel heavy and have disequilibrium, doctors can\u2019t pinpoint problem?"}
{"text": "23/female/pcos/ Topomax 100mg/cryselle. I have had migraine headaches since March of this year. I went to a neurologist who did a mri without contrast and it came back normal. He put me on Topomax 100mg which simmered it to headaches every day, every other day bad headache and 1-2 times a week severe migraine. No pain killers can even help decrease the pain. I have blurred vision, disoriented, slurred speech, fever, weakness, elevate white blood cells, nausea, vomiting, vertigo. So many symptoms I can\u2019t name them all. Nothing is helping me and my neurologist isn\u2019t helping at all. I need answers and I don\u2019t know what to do anymore. I can\u2019t take this. I need answers. Especially after today because I honestly think I had a seizure", "title": "I have migraine, headaches, blurred vision, disoriented, slurred speech, fever, weakness, Nothing is helping me?"}
{"text": "Am 75 years old. Have been treated for \u201cRetro Peritoneal Fibrosis with an Aortic Aneurysm\u201d for more than 12 years.  After many drug attempts, I am now on Methadose, Morphine, Warfarin, Plendil, etc.\nAm male, non-smoker. Nothing on the web is relevant, or even up-to-date..it\u2019s all quoting 2007 report(s) as the latest.  I understand this is rare, but the pain is a killer\u2026 (what meds or treatment do you recommend?", "title": "I have Retro Peritoneal Fibrosis with an Aortic Aneurysm?"}
{"text": "Basically 2 years ago I had an emergency c section but the doctor cut to deep into my kidney so to stop infection they put a little stem (or stent) thing in my kidney which I should of had removed a week later but i didn\u2019t. A few weeks ago I had some weird symptoms so I went to the  genitourinary medicine (GUM) clinics to get tested and it came back that I had chlamidiya. But Friday just gone I find out I\u2019m pregnant what do I do", "title": "I am pregnant, have Chlamydia and a stent in my kidney?"}
{"text": "I am 24 year old male.since 2009 I am suffered from rehumatic heart valve problem (moderate MR,Mild MS mild PAH,infective endocardits) doctor adviced me to take pendits 400 and lanoxin. they monitoring me every two year .I went to hospital last month for normal checking but they didn\u2019t take any echo, only check my pulse rate then they adviced me to stop lanoxin. Will i need any surgery ? How long should i take pendits 400", "title": "I suffer from rheumatic heart valve problem will I need any surgery ?"}
{"text": "Hello! I am a veteran who has beta thalassemia minor, which lowers my body\u2019s ability to carry oxygen efficiently. I have a consistently low hemoglobin count and  I also recently developed asthma as a result of being exposed to burn pits while on deployment to Afghanistan. Due to the combination of these conditions, I suffer from bouts of fatigue every few weeks and shortness of breath when attempting exercise or manual labor. I would like to have a medical professional confirm that these two things, while unrelated, are possibly amounting to the more severe results of my fatigability. I am seeing a hematologist for my thalassemia, but she has told me that she won\u2019t connect the two, as she is not a pulmonary specialist. I would like to get in touch with someone who feels comfortable with both aspects of my medical situation and would possibly give me documentation that outlines how these two things could interact in my case. Thank you so much for your help", "title": "I am a veteran who has beta thalassemia minor and asthma while in deployment in Afghanistan?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a 20 year old female. I have been having some interesting symptoms lately. I have Undifferentiated connective tissue disease. In August, I had a Brain MRI done. I see some white dots on the mri and was wondering if they are significant. Recently in the past 3 weeks, my arm has been going numb at night and my fingers on the right hand are spastic. They are seized up towards the palm of my hand. Any insight towards this mri would be great. I can only upload 1 picture but can upload more if needed. Thank", "title": "I have undifferentiated connective tissue disease.  Brain MRI shows white spots?"}
{"text": "My son is 11 years old, 4\u201911\u201d weighs 69.8 lbs, is currently diagnosed with ADHD, his IGE is elevated and has been taking allergy shots for mold, dust mites, pollen, trees, grasses, cats, dogs, etc.   His igA is present but about half the level it should be and his igG was also low.   His A/G Ratio is 2.3, his Bun/create ratio is 21.   His pneumococcal numbers from vaccines were low so he recently had to redo the pneumococcal shots (both the 11 and the one they give to the elderly).  His urinalysis results showed mucousUrine- Present(A) andAmorphous Crystals -Few(A).   Biopsies of his colon showed \u201ca microscopic examination was done.  No pathologicchangeswere noted in any of the biopsies, but there was a nonspecific finding in the random colon biopsies.  Rare glands contain a few intraepithelialeosinophils in the absence of any interstitial inflammation \u201dAll of this has been over a number of tests.   He also has been on a gluten free diet for a year as it seemed to give him severe stomache aches.   Anything we should know or are missing with all of this.   Each Doctor individually doesn\u2019t seem too concerned but my son is often sick and missing school", "title": "My son has ADHD, Allergies and Colon issues. He is often sick but doctors don\u2019t seem to be concerned?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026). I\u2019m 33 years old. I have 2 children and both times had gestational diabetes and have been overweight for most of my adulthood. I haven\u2019t been to my family Dr in the past 6 months or so. Prior to my last visit I had upper right quadrant pain and nausea and vomiting. They did an ultrasound and I had some gallstones. The next few days I threw up blood and they concluded it was due to my frequent vomiting. Soon after, my gallbladder was removed.  I was told I had a fatty liver and elevated liver enzymes and to get it checked out. My sons are 366 days apart, I never made it back for more check ups. About a month ago, I had blood clots and blood when I went to the bathroom. The urgent care Dr said I had a hemorrhoid and the bleeding stopped a few days later.Now I have bleeding from my rectum for 4 days, increased loss of appetite, and this morning I woke up with blood in my mouth. Obviously I am very concerned. My husband is between jobs for the first time since 2006 and we currently do not have coverage, although in the process.Thanks for taking the time to read and get back to me", "title": "I had gallstones, fatty liver, now blood in stools and blood in mouth?"}
{"text": "Age 46yrs. Gender-Male. Problem- Pain in the knee. Became very severe going to the hip (right leg) Did an MRI and result says water retention in the knee. Doctor suggests key-hole surgery. Need more info regarding repercussions and recovery period or alternatives", "title": "Pain in knee, hip, right leg. Need key-hole surgery?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 20-year-old male. I suffer from stuttering. This problem started a long time ago, approximately when I was 11 years old.\nI suffer from stuttering. This problem becomes very clear in words beginning with the letter \u201cT\u201d or the letter \u201cK\u201d especially if this letter \u201cT\u201d or \u201cK\u201d is followed by a constant letter, for example \u201ctransparent\u201d, \u201ccrash\u201d. It may take me 3 or seconds to say these words.\nThat doesn\u2019t mean that I can pronounce other words very normally.However, the stutter becomes clear in the previous case (K and T).\nThe problem is less clear when I read (but it occurs) , but is very clear when I think before saying\nIt also becomes clear when I talk with an important person.However, it sometimes occurs when I talk to my sister or brother or friend\u2026 (but less clear).\nWhat makes the problem worse is that I\u2019m to give a \u201clecture\u201din the university. I\u2019m not fluent.\nWhat\u2019s the treatment?", "title": "I suffer from stuttering, What\u2019s the treatment?"}
{"text": "50 yr old Male. No medical problems, except for chronic constipation since 22 yrs of age. Use Metamucil daily since. Used to take 30 mg Zn for while, lowered my Cu. Stopped Zn, and taken 2 mg Cu for past 6 months. Also eat alot of nuts, cashews, almonds, sesame seeds/paste (all high in Cu).My Cu recovered from low end of range, to mid range. Went back to taking some Zn (15 mg) for one month. Tested both Zn and Cu. Zn normal. Cu bottom (borderline) of range! Also confirmed by CP (Ceruloplasmin), at end of low range (lowest number in lab range result). Again, taken Cu supps, and foods, no Zn. Except for C 500 mg/ daily. Yet no effect on raising my Cu, whatsoever? What\u2019s wrong here? I am sure that my body is full of Cu. But why it is not showing in Serum tests! Could it be: bio-unavailability? If so, what to do about it? My health is overall OK. But feel very depressed, fingernails and toenails very brittle. Hair loss. Hair is kinky, straw like. Pale skin. Insomnia. Should mention: Fe is rock bottom. Ferittin low end of range! Never had such low figures before", "title": "Feel very depressed, fingernails and toenails very brittle. Hair loss. Hair is kinky, straw like. Pale skin. Insomnia. Suffer from copper deficiency."}
{"text": "Hi,\nI have chronic shortness of breath.  I usually feel a tightness in the chest area at the same time, and I have to stop mid sentence to take a deep breath sometimes after every word or every second word.  But then sometimes when I really try hard to relax it is better. I have had the condition for about four years and I can remember a few occasions when it was not there, so that I could have a normal conversation.\n I have a history of anemia and iron deficiency, high cholesterol ( but not high enough to be needing medication ), and narrow veins ( at least in the arms, the nurses always take a few minutes to decide which arm to take the blood from ).\nI\u2019m 43 years old, female and of normal weight", "title": "I have chronic shortness of breath?"}
{"text": "Flesh colored birth mark now has discoloration and multiple small black mole. Look like cancer or nothing to be concerned about", "title": "Flesh colored birth mark now has discoloration and multiple small black moles, is it cancer?"}
{"text": "20 year old female. Having 8/9 recognized seizures in the last 6 months. In the last 2 months having abnormal headaches. ( never having such weird headaches so often before) headaches include a foggy feeling, pressure under the eyes, tingling face and tingling eyes drowsiness, shaky eyevision/ dizziness. Chestpain/ rapid pulseThese headaches could last either a few secconds possibly having multiple times a day and go away or all day. There was a 3 week period where it happened every day. Ontop of these headaches, since the seizures have started hair loss is a lot more noticeable, short term meory has gotten from decent to horrible, and once in a while very rare ocasion will i have a state of weakness where my arms will feel like jelly and something that i normally would be able to do wouldnt be able to do. On anti seizure drugs. What could be causing all of these symptoms? Are the headaches possibly seizure related? Or caused by the meds? Could the anti seizure meds  ( carbamazepine) have anything to do with any of the symptoms that i am having? Or do the meds have nothing to do with any of it", "title": "I have seizures, taking ant-seizure medication, now have abnormal headaches?"}
{"text": "I am a 66 year old male with long term lower back injury for which I take Hydrocodone and Cyclobenzaprine. I also had an inverted papilloma in my sinus removed around 2010.\nMy problem is dry eyes. I went to the eye doctor back around 2002 and he put in tear duct plugs. They never helped, one fell out and the other was removed when I had my inverted papilloma removed.\nThe dry eyes ONLY occur at night and early evening. I use eye drops constantly during the evening and upon going to bed. If I delay applying the drops the condition becomes painful. Once I lay down to sleep I use the drops, but they only help for a few minutes and I begin to feel my eyes drying and sticking to my sockets. I have tried ALL TYPES of over the counter drops with the best temporary relief coming from Just Tears.\nDuring the nights I wake with my eyes stuck solid in their sockets. I fumble for the drops and begin applying them. I sometimes have to pry my eyes open to get the drops in. Some nights are worse than others, but this occurs EVERY evening and night.\nI have told a lot of doctors about this problem and they all say, interesting, keep up the drops.\nThis condition can only get worse with time and age.\nI welcome any suggestions.\nThank", "title": "My problem is dry eyes, eye drops and tear duct plugs don\u2019t work, need solution?"}
{"text": "I am a 58 yr old male, good overall health, except I have been diagnosed with barrets esophagus and severe acid reflux.  I have been on (Proton-pump inhibitors) ppi\u2019s the last 20 years, 40 mlg the last 6-8 years, once a day.  I have been trying to go off due to what I have read recently about long-lasting side effects, esp the kidney failure, as I donated one in 1980 to my father, and have no children.  I have not found anything that seems to take it\u2019s place, and struggle with just about everything I eat and drink though.  Ranitidine seems to help the best, but only short term, and I would need to take it many times per day, every day.  I just had my (Blood Urea Nitrogen Test) bun(6.43) and creatinine(123.76)checked.  Would it be safe to go back on ppi\u2019s, or what would you recommend?  thanks!", "title": "I have been diagnosed with barrets esophagus and severe acid reflux, are PPIs safe for me?"}
{"text": "My mom is 58 years old, she has been coughing several times each day for the past 9 months, sometimes she spits clear mucous  after coughing ano in the last two days she is following the mucous with a vomit (while she\u2019s vomiting she feel like that there are spike or needles being injected in all of her chest) and when she coughs hard she kind of having a little bit of a pee. One doctor checked her nose and said that she has an allergy, he prescribed her a nasal spray (she used it, but it didn\u2019t change anything).\nShe also has an a skin allergy that doctors don\u2019t know what causes it (they made an allergy test at hospital and it showed that she has no skin allergy at all), a point to mention, she gets that allergy often by sudden and sometimes when she gets very nervous or scared or angry.\nShe says that the cough is exhausting her so much.\nSometimes her heart beats hard suddenly for a while\nNow the question is: what is the reason of the cough and how could she cure Note: when she was 28 she had an allergy from  chokes she used to cough hard back then when she used the board chokes. She cured from it by the help of the doctor (she doesn\u2019t remember how) (she is an a retired teacher since 2 years ago) ..She takes both ramipril 5mg and amlodipine for high blood pressure\nShe takes Aerius for skin allregy (and it works)\nShe takes simvaxon 10mg for cholestero", "title": "My mom has been coughing several times each day for the past 9 months, sometimes she spits clear mucous and vomits?"}
{"text": "I am female aged 54 but still quite fit after having problems with my ears after a severe ear infection I was sent for a hearing test and an MRI to be on the safe side . This came back normal but they inadvertently found a 9 mm lesion in my head I\u2019m unsure of where abouts as I didn\u2019t understand the terms used but was told it shouldn\u2019t be where it was . My consultant then said if it were his relative he would want an advanced MRI with dye injected . This seems rather a large lesion and I\u2019m worried I have been getting stiff neck regularly also and wandered if it\u2019s a symptom thanks for any help", "title": "MRI showed a 9 mm lesion in my head inadvertently?"}
{"text": "I have a problem with my foot. I had pain with it all the week but I thought it was nothing, but since 3days it s swollen. Only at the front of the foot, not at the ankle. It is now very painful and i have very difficulties to walk.\nI am a french student of 22, studying in the uni of Hertfordshire, and I don\u2019t know exactly where to go to see a doctor, can you help me please", "title": "My foot is swollen Only at the front of the foot, not at the ankle. It is now very painful, difficulty walking?"}
{"text": "Dear Doctors\nHello\n9-year-old boy three years ago with shortness of breath at rest and when you\u2019re talking to a doctor pulmonologist and cardiologist referral and ipah disease was diagnosed.\nSildenafild and bosentan reduced pulmonary arterial pressure to consume drugs.\nAngiography and echocardiography is attached.\nPlease ..\nYour recommendations as to best treatment(\u2026)?\nthank", "title": "My 9 y/o boy was diagnosed with Idiopathic Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (IPAH), what do you recommend?"}
{"text": "Single intraterine gestation corresponding to a gestational age of 38 weeks 3 days gestational age assigned as per biometry(BPD, HC,AC, FL). menstrual age 37 weeks 2 days, Presentation-cephalic, Placenta- Anterior, Liquor- Normal, Estimated fetal weight according to BPD, AC:-3008, BILATERAL(MODERATE) PELVI ECTASIS.\nThis is my last report, My due date is 12/12/2016, Now I\u2019m 39 weeks pregnant, Doctor told me now normal delivery is not possible, baby head didn\u2019t getdown to my pelvi. water level and baby heart beat is good. I want to know with reference of the report impression, Is that possible for normal delivery? and What is the meaning of BILATERAL(MODERATE) PELVI ECTASIS", "title": "I\u2019m 39 weeks pregnant, Doctor told me now normal delivery is not possible? Need second opinion."}
{"text": "I am 33 female history of kidney stones no current medication last night I was awaken by bad left side pain back to front then I peed blood the pain continued and I have been peeing blood all day my stomach is upset I have a headach", "title": "I have left side pain and urinate blood?"}
{"text": "I am a 23 year old female, taking zolaire treatment for allergies, and having eating disorder (binge eating). Yesterday, felt weak all of a sudden, almost fainted, with pain and pressure in left arm. High BP 150/100, heart rate 120. went to hospital had 2 electrocardiograms, blood tests (including heart and anemia) all normal. Checked for Pulmonary embolism \u2013 all OK.  Blood pressure is now more or less back to normal. But heart rate still at 110, I have terrible headache and still feel dizzy and faint. Doctors don\u2019t know the cause. What can it be? and what tests should I do next?", "title": "Felt dizzy, pain in left arm, high b/p, fast heartbeat, rushed to hospital?"}
{"text": "29 yr old female with red bumps, then swelling turned in to blistering. Please respond ASAP. I\u2019m very worrie", "title": "Red bumps, then swelling turned in to blistering?"}
{"text": "My brother has been losing his hearing abilities since he was 6-7 years old. he has been experiencing ringing in his ears that just gets louder and louder through out the years. He got hearing aid that have helped for a few months but his ears have gotten used to them so his hearing has gotten worse with them on; and when he doesn\u2019t have them he practically can\u2019t hear anything (only if you shout at him). We has received at CT scan that shows no abnormalities. The doctors have still not sid anything as they \u2018dont know\u2019 whats going on.  I\u2019m not a doctor but i was wondering if it was because he doesn\u2019t eat alot of nutritious foods. He\u2019s under weight and refuses to eat more greens and fruits. When he was a kid he has has a little un-balancement as it took him ages to learn how to walk properly. Taking iron tablets for extreme anemia", "title": "My brother has been losing his hearing abilities since he was 6-7 years old?"}
{"text": "20, female I have lower stomach pain , red pee, vomiting, I have been to the hospital 3 times they can\u2019t get it to stop what could it be I need hel", "title": "I have lower stomach pain , red urine, vomiting, I have been to the hospital 3 times they can\u2019t get it to stop?"}
{"text": "Im 19 year old female. I have no prior medical history with skin problems. I have a hard white bump on the center on my upper eye lid that I\u2019ve had for a few months now and it\u2019s starting to worry me. What could it be ? It doesn\u2019t hurt and I feel no eye irritation", "title": "I have a hard white bump on the center on my upper eye lid?"}
{"text": "Female, age 68, non-smoker, excellent health until hematoma following recent mini-facelift.  Hematoma caused drainage into my lips and eyes (even though neither was a part of the surgery).  My eyes were swollen shut, but have now opened enough for me to see.  The hematoma was suctioned out, but the problem now is that my lips remain huge.  I can\u2019t close them so I drool like a baby.  My surgeon is so nice, I don\u2019t want to hurt his feelings, and he has literally been seeing me in his office every day to re-check the hematoma.  He thinks it will go away over time;however, my lips remain unchanged.  IIs there anything that can speed up the process", "title": "Hematoma after mini face-lift,  caused lips and eyes to be swollen shut?"}
{"text": "My 69 year old mother who has been blind for over a year in her left eye due to an injury she suffered from sneezing to hard over two years ago.  She went to an eye doctor last year when she lost sight in her eye.  He said there was nothing they could do.  So no problems until last night.  She had a headache and took some medicine to stop it.  When I brought her dinner I noticed her iris in the left eye was completely black.  The white of her eye is still there. She said this morning she feels fine.  Her iris is still black.  Do I seek help for her", "title": "My 69 year old mother who has been blind for over a year in her left eye, her iris is now completely black?"}
{"text": "My wife has stomach pain , nausea, blurred vision ,muscle pain and feels like she is dying .Her serum Folate is 20.3 ng/ml and her serum ferritin is 17/ng ml . She has bulimia and is an alcoholic. Can you give me some indication what theses readings indicat", "title": "My wife has stomach pain , nausea, blurred vision ,muscle pain and feels like she is dying?"}
{"text": "I have had numerous symptoms for a longtime including chronic fatigue, anxiety, depression, and digestive issues. My Dr.prescribed me a medication that coated my stomach to help with mild gastritis. I started feeling way way worse. I read that it could block magnesium absorption. So I stopped taking it and started taking magnesium. Instantly I felt amazingly better. Everything was gone, except for loose stools. I feltlike anormal person again. I was taking fairly large doses of 2,000 mg. It seemed that after a couple weeks; the magnesium would build up and I would have some ill effects, which resembled those of a deficiency. I would go off it for a couple days then go back on, and I would be good again. I have been doing this for 6 months. It seems like my health is completely dependent upon taking magnesium.This really worries me, because I would like the problem to be fixed. My questions are is it normal to take this long to correct a deficiency? and Is there another issue that should be looked at regarding the deficiency? Thank you for your time\u2026.male 3", "title": "Chronic fatigue, anxiety, depression, and digestive issues?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor.\nWould like to first thank you for your time in reading my situation, i really do appreciate it. I\u2019ve been playing basketball for quite a long time, and my weight was considered average. But there\u2019s been a time where I\u2019ve been struck by depression , which developed into binge eating. I\u2019ve then gotten overweight and had a hard time losing weight. I still play basketball, but not only my weight has not gone down, my knees do hurt after exercising especially when going up the stairs. When I do squats , I can hear there are small sounds coming from my knee, and they feel wobbly as well. This has then hindered me from trying to run or play basketball. Doctor I\u2019d like to ask if there\u2019s any way to improve my condition to the point that I can get back into playing basketball? If yes, may I ask how ? Would be glad to hear from you soon.\nDeepest gratitude", "title": "My knees hurt after exercising I can hear there are small sounds coming from my knee, and they feel wobbly?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 26. I have no medical issues or history worth noting.  No medication either.  When I gave birth I tore very very badly.  Parts had to be thrown away they were ripped so badly.  It\u2019s been 4 years now and I recently switched to a menstral cup.  Upon emptying the cup I was horrified to find urine in it.  Apparently when I pee it\u2019s getting inside of my vaginal canal somehow.   Is this dangerous?  Ps. I don\u2019t have healthcar", "title": "When I gave birth I tore very very badly, urine is now inside my vaginal canal?"}
{"text": "Symptoms: Constipation, Diarrhea, Bloating, Intense stomach pain, Release of Bile every time my stomach starts to hurt or I try to go poop.I\u2019ve been having these problems since last Friday and it seems to be getting worse. It went from being constipated, to having diarrhea, to liquid yellow and orange bile releasing every time I feel I have to \u201cpoop\u201d or have pain in my stomach. I went to the doctors and they said it might be \u201cfood poisoning\u201d so they gave me an antibiotic.  I have not been throwing up or had a fever. Every time eat or drink water my stomach immediately hurts and I have the feeling to go poop but end up just releasing yellow or orange bile. I\u2019ve been trying to follow the BRAT diet but I\u2019m afraid to eat now. Please Doctor what do you think is wrong with me and what can I do to fix this? Thank you", "title": "Constipation, Diarrhea, Bloating, Intense stomach pain?"}
{"text": "I am a 37 year old women who was diagnosed with Crohn\u2019s in 2008, I have been in \u201cremission\u201d for 5 years. After the birth of my son last December I caught cdiff and after 3 rounds of antibiotics I got a fecal transplant on October 11th.  My cdiff has not returned, however I have been having a wide array of new symptoms since the transplant. Everything I eat causes extreme pain in my upper abdomen, extremely watery diarrhea 6+ times a day, constant nausea and vomiting.  The nausea has gotten so bad that for the last 4 days I have been unable to keep food down and am only able to take small sips of water. I have lost 10 lbs in the past 7 days, 5 of those over the past 4 days. I have been to the er 3 times, I had a endoscopy and flex sigmoidoscopy on Tuesday and all pathologies came back normal. The only thing that came up is the z line is irregular. All of my labs have looked good as well.  I get remicade infused every 8 weeks, I take zofran, phenergan, Prevacid, scopolamine patch, and Benadryl. My question is what do I do? Do I go to the er? I\u2019m miserable, week, tired, I can\u2019t take care of my kid and school has become impossible. Im nervous for the er, as they tend to no really believe me, and only focus on my Crohn\u2019s, despit knowing it is in remission. Thank you in advance for any advise", "title": "I caught Clostridium Difficile Colitis (cdiff), after antibiotics and fecal transplant I have pain, nausea and vomiting?"}
{"text": "Female, 24. Symptoms include flashes in the left eye plus a shadowy ripple effect flutter in the deep left bottom corner in the same eye, flashes occur about 20 times a day and the flutter doesn\u2019t go away. Eye pain as well and sometimes severely, horrible head aches that make me cry actual tears. I always feel tired like I don\u2019t get enough sleep. There are nights when I will sleep through the entire night. Or I have nights when I wake up about every hour and a half, almost exactly. My legs and feet always sore, it feels most insense when I lay down. I will randomly get very bad bladder pains. It feels like the actual lining of my bladder is being attacked. It just gets very painful and no matter how I sit or lay it hurts, I haven\u2019t figured out a way to soothe it yet for when it does happen. I get dizzy at times, especially in heat. It\u2019s most intense in the shower, to where I don\u2019t even attempt to stand anymore. With this being said, I have been seen, however I am more looking for a second opinion on what to do. I was seen by a retina specialist who was suspicious of retina detachment or damage to the ocular nerve. Long story short he found zero damage to both. So I was referred to a neurologist. I got a MRI of the brain and cervical spine. The cervical spine was normal, and the brain was normal with one exception. It says on the report that there is a 1.8 cm left maxillary sinus cyst. the doctor did not explain what that is to me, nor did anything for me. I have no follow up or anything either. Wouldn\u2019t a cyst almost an inch big inside a head strike a concern", "title": "I got a MRI of the brain and cervical spine, there is a 1.8 cm left maxillary sinus cyst, is it a concern?"}
{"text": "My mother is 74 years old.  She says she has hallucinations.  She wants to go to the doctor every day.  She says she has severe pain in her right side.  She was  diagnosed with pre-dementia and Alzheimers prior to my Dad\u2019s passing last year.  She says she sees dead people and angels.  We took her to a Geriatric Specialist.  He ran every test imaginable.  He said she does not have Alzheimers and she is healthy as she can be.  He placed her on a regimen of vitamins and she did well for a while.  Now, she has gone to many different doctors (I was unaware) and is taking lots of medications.  So, I begin looking into what she has been taking medicinally.  She is currently taking promethazine, amitriptyline, estradiol, omeprazole, butalbital, sertraline and donepezil.  What are the dangers of taking all of these medications together?  Would this be why she is feeling this pains she talks about in her side? I do not know exactly what to do at this juncture.  Now that I know she is taking all of these medications, what is my best course of action", "title": "My mother is 74 years old and taking medicines in large quantities, I don\u2019t know what to do?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 24 yo. I have lower back dull pain on right side of spine close to L4-L5. It gets worst when i bend back words or twist when standing straight. I can bend forward little pain when going deep. I have this pain for two and half month. On the beginning it was just a minor pain and I didn\u2019t paid much attention to it. I kept training in gym and did all heavy  exercises, like dead lift and squats. That\u2019s when it got worst. I tried to swim, bot it caused pain, so i don\u2019t do it any more. I still do body weight exercise home and try to avoid movements causing pain.I went to a doctor and he said I have \u201cConflict of spinous processes\u201d and he used X RAY to conclude that. I\u2019m not sure if his diagnose is right. My physiotherapist said I have a good posture and strong core. I don\u2019t know how to procedure further.", "title": "I have lower back dull pain on right side of spine close to L4-L5?"}
{"text": "Recently, my brother(26 Years) started felling multiple symptoms of fatigue, lack of interest and poor concentrations.\nWe consulted a Psychiatrist and on his advise we conducted all the test from Arogyam package. The test result shows imbalance in Homocystein level and vitamin B12 and D3 levels are very low.I went to a physician in Lucknow and he said he does not recognize Arogyam report and ordered test from his own clinic. I requested him to treat the B12 and D3 deficiency immediately via injection or other methods but he\u2019s adament for report from his own lab. This induces doubt about his intention.To all the esteemed panel of doctors here, I have couple of questions", "title": "Arogyam package test result shows imbalance in Homocystein level and vitamin B12 and D3 levels are very low?"}
{"text": "Hi.i am 21 years old. This summer I had a sudden weight loss after dieting 8 kg in month.After a month I have a increased appetite  , heart beats, eye swelling especially in morning, depression, irregular period (once I had 2 period in month) . After 3 month I have sudden constipation and weight gain 2.5 kg. All my body is swelling my feet, face, breasts I guess it is water retention.  I am in panic . I have constipation . I can\u2019t walk normally I feel heavy . Please help me", "title": "All my body is swelling, my feet, face breast I guess it is water retention I am in panic?"}
{"text": "Last year I ended up in Accident & Emergency with tonsillitis. I was unable to swallow my own saliva and was having difficulty breathing as my adenoids had swollen. I have has tonsillitis once already this year and have recently been suffering with tonsil stones. I currently have again, very swollen and sore tonsils. Should I be starting to consider surgery? I would say I have these episodes at least 3 times a year", "title": "I ended up in Accident & Emergency with tonsillitis, should I have surgery?"}
{"text": "Im female age 24years recently i got my blood ferritin level cheked as i was feeling exhausted and reports are 12ng/dl i think its very low than normal and my Hb level is 13 . Now i have decide to take ferrous fumarate 210mg 1 tablet daily. I want to know is that right choice according to my condition? Is it safe to use? Will it work for me? Kindly answer m", "title": "I got my blood ferritin level checked as i was feeling exhausted, it is low?"}
{"text": "I am (\u2026)[Female], currently living in Kigali, Rwanda and I am 15 years old. I have had a medical history of Asthma and Thyroid which I am currently living with. Due to some personal issues I made my conditions get worst since February 2016. I take L Thyroxine of 75 mg and Ventoline 100 mcg[Salbutamol]. Since around the beginning of this month I have started to feel dizzy whenever I get up after sitting, and my inhaler intake has increased. I have tried telling my parents about it and they tried helping with Home-Remedies, but I feel that it made my body warm up more and cause more Anxiety and tiredness. I am not sure if this e-mail might work, but could you please see if I really need a doctor? I feel the signs of grief too, but that might be minor, I just request you to tell me some possible ways to look through this.\nI really hope for a reply soon, will be really helpful", "title": "I\u2019m a 15 year old Rwandan girl, with Asthma and Thyroid, condition getting worse?"}
{"text": "I live in Japan and dislocated my toe. The toe next to my big toe. The japanese doctor pulled on it to put it back in place but the xray showed it was still dislocated. He told me I can just let it heal as it is or I he can put a pin in it. He said the ligaments were probably all screwed up and thats why it won\u2019t go back in place by manual adjustment. It seems a little much to have pin surgery for just a dislocation", "title": "I dislocated my toe, doctor wants to have pin surgery, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m 39 weeks pregnant and have just discovered I have thread worm, I can\u2019t take any medication as not recommended I have cleaned and cleaned and cleaned but I am going out of my mind, will this effect the birth I feel like I won\u2019t be able to hold my baby because I\u2019m terrified I have eggs constantly on my hands therefore not bonding as I should. I should be looking forward to it all it\u2019s my last weeks but to be honest I\u2019ve just totally forgot about it the cleaning and worry has taken over my life. Is there anything for the itch or any natural remodies that can be taken that are safe, I suffer from constipation I did before getting pregnant so hardly going to the toilet so surely they aren\u2019t being expelled as they should is it advised to take laxatives so I know that they are coming out. I am going out my mind my I\u2019m terrified the eggs are everywhere because I don\u2019t know how long I have had them only started getting symptoms last Thursday. The doctors don\u2019t really seem bothered just get on with it doing the hygiene but it\u2019s easy to say that when they aren\u2019t up all night cos of the wriggling the horrible thought of it all. Just help please any feedback would be greatly appreciated thank you", "title": "I\u2019m 39 weeks pregnant and have just discovered I have thread worm, I can\u2019t take any medication as not recommended?"}
{"text": "30, FemaleWent for an MRI \u2013 was shown that I have mild disk generation. Not severe. Right lumbar reguion. L5/L4However, they found that I have cysts on my pelvis and ovary area. I was diagnosed with HPV when I was 19 but has been fine over the last three years, ie a neg result.Anyway the cysts. I went to a gynae who said that it might be Nabothian cysts. My lower back pains, they\u2019ve been there for a while. I dont know if it could be a direct cause of the cysts and/ or the disk.Please assist. its very uncomfy what i am feeling. my nipples also started paining a few days back", "title": "I have mild disk generation Right lumbar region L5/L4 and cysts on my pelvis and ovary? area"}
{"text": "My husband woke up yesterday morning with pain in his thigh area. This morning he woke up with pain all over. He went to the doctor and they said it\u2019s a viral issue. Now he crying out in pain, his muscles are tense like he\u2019s lifting a 100lb weight. He tried to grab a phone and dropped it. He is saying he hurts all over and the doctor would prescribe him pain meds, he took some of my 800mg ibuprofen and it hasn\u2019t helped a bit. What should we do? He can barely move, and definitely can\u2019t sleep.24 years old\nPain intensity 9 on a scale of 1-10\nNo health issues\nNo daily meditation", "title": "My husband woke up with pain all over Pain intensity 9 on a scale of 1-10"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 53yr old female on Nov 16 I had an allergic reaction while taking a shower. I was in a facility where nurses were available. I got to their station and passed out. When I came to they gave me benedryl and had called the paramedics. I am not allergic to anything or any medication. Since  this episode 2 weeks ago my energy level is low and I fell fatigued most of the time. They advised me to see my GP. Thinking this was an isolated incident, I held off making an appointment. While at home tonight I was in the shower started to itch and get blotchy. Feeling the same symptoms as 2 weeks ago, I turned the water to ice cold. Got out of the shower and scratched and put lotion on. What is going on", "title": "I had an allergic reaction while taking a shower, I am not allergic to anything or any medication?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026). I\u2019m female and 18 year of age. And I\u2019m on no medications. My problem is I\u2019ve had this on going pain for about a year. My lower back,hip, butt, and leg have been in a lot of pain. I get to the point we\u2019re standing up is a problem and laying in bed is extremely uncomfortable. I\u2019d say the pain is a 6, and at times a 8-9; and it get so bad I\u2019m in tears leaning on something just waiting for the pain to pass. Sometimes my whole left leg will go numb or tingly. Also walking has become a problem in the past month, November, my leg gets achy and it hurts", "title": "In a lot of pain. I get to the point we\u2019re standing up is a problem and laying in bed is extremely uncomfortable?"}
{"text": "My age is 61.I have been diagnosed with pmr for 2.5 years. I was on prednisone all different mg,from 60 to 5. I have never been without pain in the past 2.5 years. I am presently on 900mg of gabapentin and 1200mg of ibuprofen. The Dr\u2019s have mentioned neuropathy. Unfortunately I have no insurance so expensive test I really can\u2019t have yet. My symptons are: have difficulty going up and down stairs,difficulty getting up from chairs, my hands ,fore arms go numb and makes it difficult to use hands and causes a deep burning pain. When I go to bed my hips and thighs go numb and cause pain so I am turning all night. This happens on both sides. I have pain in my feetc. Sometimes shooting pains and sometimes up the back of heels which causes me to limp. Please help. These symptons still exist even on meds", "title": "I have been diagnosed with Polymyalgia Rheumatica, symptoms and pain persist even on meds"}
{"text": "Hi Im 35 and my husband is 39years old. I have 7year old son. We are trying for 2nd baby since last 4 years.Since last year I have been consulting a fertility specialist. I have done blood test-AMH level is 2.8. HSG test is normal. My husbands sperm count is 12 million. After repeated follicular study I couldnt conceive, hence tried 2 cycles of IUI which have been unsuccessful. What could be the reason for me not conceiving", "title": "We are trying for 2nd baby, fertility consultation has not worked?"}
{"text": "Age-62 Yrs\nGender-Male\nDiagnosis-Brain Tumor\nQuestion: My father have been diagnosed with brain tumor. Moreover, he has also a diabetes. How diabetes effects during treatment of brain tumor? I heard above 60 year of age, its very difficult to do surgery, is there any other treatment or medication to kill the tumor cell? While report says Tumor cell is not within the brain. Please advice me", "title": "My father has been diagnosed with brain tumor \u2013 requires surgery, medication or other treatment?"}
{"text": "Im 48 female usually healthy not in the last year i keep having chest pains when its not in my chest its in my back my arms go numb back burns i get dizzy and i pass out went to the er and ekg was good they said cause unknown. What do you think it i", "title": "I keep having chest pains when its not in my chest its in my back my arms go numb back burns I get dizzy and I pass out?"}
{"text": "I am a 52 year old female.  It was recently discovered that I have a large cyst with stems on my right ovary.  Other than surgery, is there any other remedy", "title": "It was recently discovered that I have a large cyst with stems on my right ovary.  Other than surgery, is there any other remedy?"}
{"text": "Male. 57 years old. 205 lbs\nFor a month or so , multiple times a day both arms begin to tingle starting in my shoulder and moves down to my hands like my arms have fallen asleep.  Sometimes it is just my right arm and the sensation is always stronger in my right arm.  It happens no matter what position my body is in ; I.e. Sitting up, lying down , walking et", "title": "Both arms begin to tingle starting in my shoulder and moves down to my hands like my arms have fallen asleep?"}
{"text": "I am a 51 year old woman.  I have not had a period in 9 months.  I do experience occasional hot flashes, as well as mood swings, but nothing that I can\u2019t live with.  I am in good health, I don\u2019t take any medication on a regular basis (ibuprofen sometimes, multivitamins when I remember, Alleve every once in a while), I weigh 118 lbs, I eat pretty healthy; I\u2019ve been a vegetarian for 26 years. I rarely get sick, although I do suffer from some bad headaches every so often. Recently (in the last 4-5 months), I have been experiencing headaches that make me vomit.  Fortunately, it\u2019s only been once a month, but the headache was painful enough to wake me from a deep sleep, the the pain was such that I felt like my face was going to crack open.  Each time I\u2019ve gotten this headache, it\u2019s been the same thing:  Middle of the night, horrible pain in my face, at the base of my skull, and my forehead.  Each time, it has made me vomit, but not right away.  I suffer for a bit before the nausea kicks in.  Also, when I do vomit, it\u2019s bile-nothing that I had eaten the night before.  I\u2019m wondering if this could be hormonal, considering that fact that it only happens once a month, and I am not getting periods any longer.  Thank you in advance for any information you can give me", "title": "I have been experiencing headaches that make me vomit,  I\u2019m wondering if this could be hormonal?"}
{"text": "My mother is 71 years old. On November 16, 2016, she underwent an aortic aneurysm repair. Since the surgery she has not been able to urinate on her own & was discharged form the hospital with a foley catheter in place. She has been to a Urologist twice since discharge once on (11/22 & again on 11/28) in which both visits the catheter was removed, she was given the voiding test with a negative result & the catheter was replaced. They gave her a folow up appt on 12/22/16. This means she will have this catheter in place for a month before it is checked again. Is this normal? Will having a catheter for such a long period of time cause permanent damage? She is now experiencing pain & vomiting. What should I do at this point? My aunt died of septic poisoning due to a similar event & I am scared for my mother. Please give me some advise", "title": "My mother underwent an aortic aneurysm repair, still has catheter, my aunt died of septic poisoning due to a similar event?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m experiencing symptoms of Sciatica/Piriformus spasm\nI\u2019ve been struggling with this for about a year now and failed many times to reduce the pain.\ncan\u2019t really see a doctor about this since i have zero medical cover and can\u2019t pay for it either.\njust want some advice on how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk.For the record i\u2019m 20 and otherwise perfectly healthy.Help, even little, would be greatly appreciated", "title": "I\u2019m experiencing symptoms of Sciatica/Piriformus spasm, how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk?"}
{"text": "My mom is female (obviously). She\u2019ll be 66 next week. She has had both hips replaced. One hip is a little higher up than the other and always has been. She has known rhis for 40 years never had any problems. More recently tho it has been hurting like hell. Is there anything a dr or maybe chiropractor or anyone that can do anything for her", "title": "My mom has one hip is a little higher up than the other, and it hurts?"}
{"text": "I am a 37 year old female who is overweight I have IBS and suffer from depression. I have just returned home from being admitted to hospital with recurring stomach pains, while in hospital I was given Morphine, Codeine and Paracetamol and diagnosed with a Peptic Ulcer. I have been sent home with Codeine and Paracetamol for the pain and Omperazole to reduce avid and help my stomach heal. This is the second episode of intense pain in a week, I was sent to the out of hours doctor 7 days ago with the same symptoms and given Omperazole to take, the pain stayed for a few days then started to ease up, however it flared up again a week later with intense pain and that\u2019s when I was admitted to hospital. My stomach is still very sore and tender, so my question is would it warrant staying off work because I have a stomach ulcer? I work in a Special School with children with behavioural problems and it is very stressful and often quite physical.NB I have previously had H. Pylori and had the irradiation treatment for that, when I was re-tested I tested negative.Other medication I take regularly\nCitalopram 30ml a day for depression (this has recently ((3weeks)) been increased from 20mg)\nGaviscon double action tablets as required\nTransnemic Acid for heavy bleeding during menstruation", "title": "Admitted to hospital with recurring stomach pains, would it warrant staying off work?"}
{"text": "I am a healthy 33 year old with no known allergies or diseases and I workout daily.  About 10-12 days ago, I felt itchy between my breasts and thought nothing of it. About 2 days later, I had a full blown rash all over my belly, back, shoulders, chest, and breasts.  I went to immediate care the next day and all she did was take a look and prescribed me amoxicillian.  3 Days after that, the rash was not getting better and appeared to be spreading more so I got an appointment with a general doctor and he had no clue what it could be so he prescribed me Hydroxyzine, Methylpredinsolone, and Triamcinolone.  Now here I am, 4 days later and still no improvement and appears to be spreading even more into my groin area.  It is more itchy in the evenings.  I am worried that it may be a systemic problem and I don\u2019t like that these doctors are just trying to treat the systems instead of doing tests to find the underlying problem.  Would you be able to help? The rash appears to be irregular shaped, varying in sizes, biggest spot is about the size of a quarter.  It is light pink to light red in color.  I have not been in contact with anything unusual, no new foods, no new soap or shampoo or lotion", "title": "I have rash spreading through my body?"}
{"text": "My belly button is producing some discharge its sticky and clear with a yellow tint kinda like mucus also some blood its sore and kinda hurts whats wrong", "title": "My belly button is producing some discharge its sticky and clear with a yellow tint?"}
{"text": "I am a 17 year old female who isn\u2019t over weight and a healthy weight at that. Since I was in middle school I\u2019ve had rapid breast growth considering my genes but I have overgrown all my relatives even the overweight ones. Because of this I\u2019ve had tremendous back pain which I\u2019ve seen a chiropractor which hasn\u2019t helped much. So I\u2019ve come to decide the choice of a breast reduction, I will be going from a DDD to a C. I was wondering what age I should typically get this surgery and if I do plan on getting pregnant will that effect the reduction. I also want to know if I can put the tissue from my breasts into be butt", "title": "I\u2019ve had rapid breast growth, want breast reduction surgery, what age  should I typically get this surgery?"}
{"text": "26yr old male \u2013 rib injury about 4 months ago in which the front part of my 11th rib pulled out of place.\nI was told originally that after a couple months this would heal and come back in place with proper healing procedures. However 4 months later and it is still in same placement (out of place).\nIs the 11th rib since its floating, once out of place always going to be out of place? Or is there a medical procedure to put it back in place", "title": "My 11th rib pulled out of place, is there a medical procedure to put it back?"}
{"text": "I Hi I clasped 5 day ago with my back is has a spams. I was took to hospital then released with pain killers and I also had water in vectio.it\u2019s now the 6 day I can\u2019t walk with out support.My friend went to the doctors and got me dizapan has I was having serve spasm lasting up to 30 seconds each time.Am trying to be mobile has I\u2019m missing work but you cant do it ,when I stand I get pain so bad in my back and spine.Then wen I sit down the pain is really bad .Please can you recommend anything I can do please. Thank you", "title": "I collapsed and had a back spasm, I have terrible pain in back and spine?"}
{"text": "Hi!for little less than two month ago, we got a wonderful girl! But she was born with deformed toes in one foot.her both foots are healthy, except for the toes which looks clearly deformed, and as parents we are worried about her future, and don\u2019t know what steps to take!we want to ask  as a specialist, what should we do? appoint her to operation, or wait until she became older??with regards (\u2026", "title": "Two month ago, we had a wonderful girl. But she was born with deformed toes in one foot?"}
{"text": "I Am a 29 year old male. I am currently on holiday in India and live in the U.K. I didn\u2019t feel well yesterday and thought I needed the toilet but instead of stool there was a lot of blood.  I\u2019m feeling fatigue even though I have slept 12 hours . Not in pain just fatigu", "title": "I needed the toilet but instead of stool there was a lot of blood?"}
{"text": "My wife is 26 and we have a 17 month old little boy.  She was in the bath tub and her upper thighs turned purple.  This happened once during pregnancy and we thought it was just the way she was sitting and the baby had pressure on something limiting blood flow to her legs.  The only area affected is from her mid thigh to her hip on both legs and this occurred again the other day.  She developed 2 purple lines (looked like veins)   six inches long on each side of her lower back about 1/2 inch wide.  The purple color to her legs corrected itself in 30 minutes and the lines were gone by morning.  She then had a tingling feeling in her arms the entire day following and went to the doctor.  The doctor referred her to a neurologist and ordered several tests.  Her blood work came back fine.  I have researched this and cannot find anything.  If you have any ideas of what could be wrong please let me know", "title": "My wife\u2019s upper thighs turned purple, all blood tests are ok?"}
{"text": "My son is 6 years old. His skin is peeling and very dry although we are using medical lotion. Is it dangerous", "title": "My son is 6 years old. His skin is peeling. Is it dangerous?"}
{"text": "65 year old male with cervical spine (neck) pain.  The pain is significant at times and will cause his shoulder and his hands tingle.  He has also had injuries in the past to his lower back due to a military incident.  At this time we are more interested in seeing someone who can help with neck pain.  VA has x-rayed it and says there is nothing wrong.  We don\u2019t believe that.  We might also need assistance with his lower back issues somewhere down the road.  Please let me know what type of doctor to  see", "title": "65 year old male with cervical spine (neck) pain, xrays say nothing wrong. We don\u2019t believe that?"}
{"text": "57 yr. old male mild discomfort and  then mild pain in belly button region  when I press that region,take pantaloc and allupurinol daily.Do not have black or bloody stool,no nausea or vomiting no weight loss,appetite is good no fever. Periodically burning in kidney region.Do not smoke(quit 30 years ago).Do drink less now but have drank heavily in the past", "title": "Mild discomfort and then mild pain in belly button region  when I press that region?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026), 47 almost 48, only medical condition is A-fib.\nI have never had any stomach issues up until maybe a few months ago. I have not gone to my doctor mainly because I am not comfortable with him. Also I guess I have been shrugging this off as no big deal or thinking it would go away. It is hard to explain but I have an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach on a daily basis now. I will feel full for no reason like I already ate something but I did\u2019nt. My stomach also feels sort of bloated or tight. I get frequent gassiness. Like I said I have never had trouble and recently it is like a chronic feeling of discomfort. My eating habits haven\u2019t changed but my belly has also gotten bigger than normal", "title": "I have an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach on a daily basis now. I will feel full for no reason?"}
{"text": "I am a 60 year old male in good health . I work a physically hard job. I have a full thickness tear in the supraspinatous tendon with 9 mm retraction. Do I have to have surgery", "title": "I have a full thickness tear in the supraspinatous tendon with 9 mm retraction. Do I have to have surgery ?"}
{"text": "I am 35 years old and for the last month I have had pain on both sides of my ribs on the back side.  It\u2019s painful and when I stretch or twist it pops or cracks and is very painful when it happens. It happens around 10 \u2013 15 times a day", "title": "For the last month I have had pain on both sides of my ribs on the back side?"}
{"text": "I think my father might need a pacemaker. he is 70 years old but not in very good health (my mom, the same age, is in better shape). I believe he has heart failure as his heart rate hovers around 58 and his feet are often swollen. I suggested he cut down one of his heart meds, as I thought it was slowing down his heart too much. Indeed, the doctor cut his atenolol in half at the next visit. But he is still very tired a lot and has what he calls stomache issues but i wonder if they are cardiac related. My question is: When does one treat with a pacemaker? How do I know if my dad would benefit from a pacemaker? Are there guidelines? BP usually around 150/95 but can be 125/85 when he is relaxed. Heart rate usually between 56 and 62. Thank you", "title": "I think my father might need a pacemaker?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026),female 35 years old.\nBlood test had been conducted and noted that my white blood cells (WBC) count is high and also noted that i have typhoid and malaria.\nThis had happened 1month back and from then the white blood cells count is not coming to normal condition even though i was cure from malaria and typhoid.\nIm feeling abnormal now.\nBody checkup as been done and nothing has been find from that.\nIm having headache, nerve weakness, body shivering, illness and arrested to bed from 1month.\nIm taking continuous medicine from time to time.\nFrom checkup nothing has been found\nSo please tell me what food should i take, what should i do to reduce my WBC count, at present my WBC count is 15,000 which is not normal", "title": "My white blood cells (WBC) count is high and also noted that i have typhoid and malaria."}
{"text": "i am a 37 year old male. I started having pain and burning while urinating a week back. Symptoms were like a UTI. I started having D Mannose and the burning/pain with urinating subsided in three days. But I still had bowel problem, burning and a little painful anus, constipation, feeling of stool not clear even after visits to toilet. The bowel symptoms also got lot better after four/five days but then I had lower back pain. My lower body down from the waist is very sore and tender. Also the sides of abdomen. The soreness doesn\u2019t remain constant at sane areas but travel. With the bowel movement and urinating getting better, I feel better overall but the lower body soreness and pain worries me.", "title": "I started having pain and burning while urinating a week back?"}
{"text": "Male early 40s with normal blood/kidney readings taking 32mg Candesartan for Migraines 3 x years (BP otherwise normal) and keen to cease given risk of developing lung cancer owing to long term Candesartan use, according to recent studies. The neurologist is happy for me to taper, as he isn\u2019t clear if the drug is actually helping (we commenced botox simultaneously). However when attempting to taper, horrible neurological symptoms appear \u2013 what\u2019s the best way to taper/manage the withdrawals? Also I am commencing a potassium supplement, will it be safe to combine the two for a month only", "title": "Tapering off taper Candesartan, horrible neurological symptoms appear?"}
{"text": "HI! I got dermal fillers for my lips in May and everything was just fine for 4 months, I was very happy with the result. However, in the beginning of October I fainted, hit my face really hard and damaged my upper lip. It got swollen and bruised. In a few weeks I noticed a little ball/bump inside it. I\u2019ve been visiting a cosmetic clinic since then and trying to dissolve it. I\u2019ve had 4 treatments already, I can see the progress but the ball is still there. I\u2019m just scared that it might not dissolve because of the scar tissue that is probably wrapped around that piece of filler. Have you ever had the same kind of situation in your practice, what treatment would you recommend? I\u2019m very young and scared and don\u2019t want to get any kind of plastic surgery. Thanks in advance. Look forward to hearing back", "title": "I got dermal fillers for my lips, after accident, I noticed a little ball/bump inside it?"}
{"text": "I am writing you on behalf of my fiance, she is 37. Her medical history includes a long bout with insomnia, thyroid problems, digestion problems, her gallbladder was removed in june, and recently she has had trouble with low potassium and magnesium levels. On oct. 26th she went into the hospital for stomach issues and came out wit no use of her legs, they gradually weakened over a period of about a week until one day they were useless. She describes a numbness combined with what she calls painful pinpoint fireworks all over her body. She was diagnosed with giallam barret syndrome. The hospital began treatment for it. After the 1st day of treatment she was transferred to UNC, within 2 days they determined she did not have giallim barret, they tested her and the test came back negative. So they sent her back to cape fear valley hospital where they continued treatment even though she tested negative for it at UNC. They never told us what was wrong with her, or why she could no longer walk. On Friday nov. 18th they discharged her. And now I\u2019ve had to stop working to take full 24 hr care. And the numbness is spreading up throughout her body. Her arms and hands are going now, she can barely use them, and her entire body is in pain, her back, neck, legs, feet, ache constantly and intensely, she describes her body as one big exposed tingling nerve. We have returned to 2 separate hospitals since then, only to be sent home with no explanation oh any help. Her inability to use her legs has been going on for over 3 weeks now. Her normal medications are ambien, seriquill, trazidone, also a senthoid,  symbalta, and the hospital gave her gabapenton which seems to do nothing for her", "title": "My fiance can no longer walk, diagnosed with giallam barret incorrectly, hospital has no explanation?"}
{"text": "My boyfriend has head trauma on the forhead and temple. There is bruising and redness. There is possible memory loss and dizzyness and pain in the top jaw. Inflicted areas are tender. He is a 21 year old male..", "title": "My boyfriend has head trauma, there is bruising and redness and possible memory loss?"}
{"text": "I am 65 years,  female.  Just found out I  have hepC, started taking Harvoni a month ago,  and stage 4 cirrhosis.   Will the fluid in my abdomen go away on its own or does it have to be drained out.  Eating and drinking all liver friendly", "title": "Just found out I have Hepatitis C?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had three lots of tablets for pleurisy  I\u2019ve also got grade 3 asthma I went for a chest x-ray they said that was fine, but I still have a wheezing cough and pains in my back, should I go back to docs for more tablets? Don\u2019t want more if they don\u2019t work.  Please hel", "title": "I\u2019ve also got grade 3 asthma I went for a chest x-ray they said that was fine, but I still have a wheezing cough and pains?"}
{"text": "Hi I have had a thyroid nodule since diagnosed at 14 years old, I am now 21. I have had it drained twice, but it came back. Just recently the nodule has swollen up and today I woke up with a really sore/tender to touch thyroid cartilage, I\u2019ve had a really horsey voice for a few days.Can anyone help me please ? As I\u2019m getting worrie", "title": "I have had a thyroid nodule since diagnosed, drained twice, but it came back?"}
{"text": "Hello. Can a fused finger be reversed or adjusted to regain motion", "title": "Can a fused finger be reversed or adjusted to regain motion?"}
{"text": "I have a 35 years old lady who is a patient of mine, she has been having pitting oedema in and off for 13  which is not painful but after a while resolves itself..cardiac echo, urinalysis, liver and kidney function tests, full blood count, abd uss are normal with the exception that her Hb is 9.8g/dl. No family or previous hx of bp or diabetes. We cant figure out what\u2019s wrong with her..any help would be appreciated", "title": "I have a patient of mine, has pitting oedema, difficult diagnosis, any help would be appreciated?"}
{"text": "Hello. I\u2019m a 22 year old woman who has had tendinitis in my wrist for the past few years. Now, it seems as though I have a ganglion cyst on my the top of my wrist, where my tendinitis pain occurs. I\u2019m wondering if I could use my electronic pulse massager around this area to help?", "title": "had tendinitis in my wrist for the past few years, now have a ganglion cyst as well?"}
{"text": "I have a question regarding my atypical response to stimulants. I have been diagnosed with ADHD. The last two years I have been severely depressed and anhedonic. Before the depression, stimulant response was typical with increased energy etc. But now I get tired when using a stimulant like vyvanse or concerta. The stronger the stimulant, the more tired I get. Even caffeine produces tiredness. I\u00b4m not talking about the calm state a stimulant is supposed to produce when given to an ADHD individual. I get really tired, my heart rate slows way down and I have to lay down to sleep. My hands become cold and I just feel extremely bad.\nWhat could that be", "title": "I have been diagnosed with ADHD. The last two years I have been severely depressed and anhedonic?"}
{"text": "My daughter is 7 years old and has an extremely distended stomach. She\u2019s had this issue for about 5 years now and it\u2019s getting worse, with more pain. There are 4 people that live in our house, and not ONE person is overweight (i\u2019m a health coach and personal trainer, so we eat crazy healthy). No fast food, no juice, pop, candy, etc. Her stomach is so large, some days it looks like i could pop it with a pin. She has had two appt with a gastro doctor that have done xrays of her stomach. He says she is full of poop and she had to take a HUGE amount of Miralax. DIDN\u201dT WORK. Then the second xray was still just as bad. Then Magasieum drink. HUGE amounts. She complains of pain daily. Please help. They also did a Celiac text and infection test.I added a photo of her stomach distention below", "title": "My daughter is 7 years old and has an extremely distended stomach"}
{"text": "Hi,\nMy father 85 years old.\nHe has a skin disease and hand swollen after taking the Zinnat 250mg.\nMy father has heart disease and kidney problems.\nWhat would the likely hood coz this skin problem and what I suppose to do now.?", "title": "My father has heart disease and kidney problems and skin disease?"}
{"text": "My wife is 27 years old. Weight 75kg. Height 5\u2032-3\u2033. Recently she was suffering from serious headache since June 2016. Before that she had not this type of headache. (\u2026)The pain is right side temple position. Sometime right left both temple sides. Only this position and it\u2019s not spread. Very few time its go back side of the head.  It happened basically early in the morning when she woke up. Or sometime she woke up with headache or someone broke her sleep. And gradually it decreased with time. Now at present its not gradually decreased. All the time headache. The pain is like that someone hitting with hammer in the pain side and push and pulling the nerve. With long time sleep or rest nothing happened. It\u2019s also happened with tension and shouting. When she can\u2019t tolerate she took two pain killers at a time. But even-then its not try to stop.\nShe is crazy women when she gets angry she through whatever in his hand and shouting. She is introvert type. She hides her sorrow nothing shares with anyone. Her appetite was good but after headache she lost her appetite.\nWe married September 11, 2015. After marriage due to my ED problem we are unable to do sex. But we were happy she never blames me for this. She always supports me one day we will. Now last four month I able to perform sex. But I missed her due to her headache.\nHer some cousins and aunts have migraine. But doctor told this not seems like migraine its some kind of mix headache.  we do CT scan, MRI and MRA-MRV but everything is normal. No blood clot, tumors etc. Pls let me know your advice I can\u2019t bare her this situation", "title": "My wife has terrible headaches, constantly, we did CT scan, MRI, MRA, MRV but everything is normal. No blood clot, tumors etc.?"}
{"text": "I am 52 year old female. I have had stomach problems since I was 25. Over the years, the abdominal pain and constipation and rectal bleeding has been more frequent. I have taken Hyoscyamine for over 20 years to help", "title": "I have had stomach problems for 27 years, abdominal pain and constipation and rectal bleeding has been more frequent?"}
{"text": "Hello sir my name is (\u2026), I want some suggestions about my health problem. Seven years back I had TB tumors in left side brain and I used FORECOX tablets two years. After that repeatly i was getting small disturbance with one month duration but didn\u2019t consultant any one.Six months back I had consult neurology doctor and he said those disturbance were FITS and he suggested EPITOIN tablets 3 caps every day. And that tablet is working and disturbance almost cleared but today first time I get unconscious due to that disturbance. What happens to me? And what should I do", "title": "I get unconscious due to fits, what should I do?"}
{"text": "19, female, I take singular, asthma allergies, inhalers, fluoxetine. For a few months I\u2019ve been having feelings of blacking out and my heart will race and my chest will burn. I\u2019ve been to the er several times for it, they gave me fluoxetine for it and it calmed down for a few months after but now it\u2019s starting to act up again and it\u2019s  scary. I\u2019ve seen a heart doctor and never got my results. But I\u2019m worried it\u2019s something severe", "title": "I\u2019ve been having feelings of blacking out and my heart will race and my chest will burn."}
{"text": "I have irritation/redness just on the inside of the tip of the penis. Slight discomfort (feels like chafing). No Itching burning during urination. No bumps or rash on the penis or testicles. I noticed over the past week or so I seem to have a need to urinate more frequently and the urine seems to had a slight odor. I had sex about a week or so ago but I used a condom and was very safe. Does this sound like a UTI or a STD? Ive never had either one before", "title": "I have irritation/redness just on the inside of the tip of the penis? Does this sound like a UTI or a STD?"}
{"text": "I went to the ER on Tuesday because I was coughing up blood. No cold or flu symptoms at the time. After X-ray, blood work, and cat scan they came back and said I had walking pneumonia. Since then I do have some cold symptoms, mostly congestion. Today is Saturday and I\u2019m still coughing up blood. I would say I have 2 episodes a day when it starts up and I spit out blood about 10 times before I get it all out. I don\u2019t feel horrible but I\u2019m getting more concerned each day it doesn\u2019t go away. Please advise.. No cold or flu symptoms at the time. After X-ray, blood work, and cat scan they came back and said I had walking pneumonia. Since then I do have some cold symptoms, mostly congestion. Today is Saturday and I\u2019m still coughing up blood. I would say I have 2 episodes a day when it starts up and I spit out blood about 10 times before I get it all out. I don\u2019t feel horrible but I\u2019m getting more concerned each day it doesn\u2019t go away. Please advise", "title": "I went to the ER on Tuesday because I was coughing up blood?"}
{"text": "My husband (62) was diagnosed with PMR 20 months ago and has gradually reduced his steroid dosage to zero.  He is now very achey and we want to know if it is worthwhile to go back on a low (maybe 2mg) dosage of Prednisolone.  We are in Spain at the moment but going back to the UK to see his consultant on the 18th of January", "title": "Diagnosed with PMR (Polymyalgia Rheumatica) 20 months ago and has gradually reduced his steroid dosage to zero?"}
{"text": "Was having a bad bout of OCD and anxiety and it was going on 2 weeks maybe , I was having lunch then came out to have a smoke , felt a weird sensation in my head and I felt like normal again seemed like the OCD and thoughts just stopped . Woke up the next morning back to the usual OCD , my question is that normal or should I see a doctor and does it sound like a minor seizure or something", "title": "Was having a bad bout of OCD (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder), felt a weird sensation in my head?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 37 and have been dealing with being nauseous for a couple months now and there is no way I\u2019m pregnant because I had a hysterectomy.  I also am having sharp pains in my hands and feet and have small scrapes and cuts that want heal it feels like my body is poisone", "title": "Dealing with being nauseous for a couple months,it feels like my body is poisoned"}
{"text": "Female 56 had  a allergic reaction to ibuprofen in July bladder went into spasms caused a uti 2 rounds of cipro one of bactrim and 2 of diflucan since then I\u2019ve had a burning sensation in my vagina gets worse as the day goes on and it gets moist in that area was put on Premarin for estrogen menopause was done 11 years ago had a hysterectomy a week ago for prolapse and tumours thought the burning would get better but nothing work", "title": "Had allergic reaction to ibuprofen in July bladder went into spasms?"}
{"text": "I had sex with my girlfriend and my frenulum tore , it was hurting me during sex so i decided to cut it off , i took a blade and made an incision and there was a lot of blood ..\nI stopped . After 3 weeks frenulum has reattached himself. the problem is that i think i have cut my frenulum artery\nmy erections are weaker and i lose them and the head of the penis is not well vascularized Can i reattach it by surgery", "title": "My frenulum tore, so i decided to cut it off?"}
{"text": "Im 57 years old, I have recently been declared disabled, I have major depression, anxiety, arthritis, chronic pain, 3 bulging disc with a pinched nerve, insomia, had to go through marketplace for a doctor, my medication is 100 mg of sertraline, 400 mg gabapentin, and 1 mg of lorazapam 2 x day. My doctor a week ago refused to give me my lorazapam, I was given this for anxiety and insomia, I have not slept over 2 or 3 hours at night, since, along with sweating, being over all terrible, I called her office, she said you cant take with pain meds(\u2026) please help. I dont know what to do", "title": "I have recently been declared disabled,  I have not slept over 2 or 3 hours at night, doc says no lorazapm?"}
{"text": "My mom had 3 surgeries in 35 days: gallbladder removed, ER surgery for herniated and obstructed intestine (she was throwing up fecal matter from the blocked intestine) , and a gastric bypass. She has had a very very difficult time with all of it. She is still sick from the hernia repair from Sept. she also recently has been getting sudden purple hands. We are worried about the purple hands, what could this be", "title": "Has gallbladder removed, ER surgery for herniated and obstructed intestine and a gastric bypass, hands now blue?"}
{"text": "I recently went to America for a month which is part of why I\u2019m a little bit concerned, I have a mole on the back of my neck which I happened to rub as I had an itch on the back of my head which is quite close to the mole when I found that the mole feels dry/crusty to touch. I don\u2019t remember that being the case before but I don\u2019t check it often-out of sight it\u2019s one you normally forget about. It is raised to the touch but that is normal for it. My mum had skin cancer it was a lump on her head .I am male and 24 years old.", "title": "I have a mole on the back of my neck"}
{"text": "Female, aged 51\nFatigue, sometimes foggy memory, lower back & headache pain, occasional chest pain with difficulty breathing, chronic nearly daily headaches sometimes severe migraines.\nAny ideas of what is going on and what I should do now?Kidneys functioning at less than 50%, EGFR has since dropped 7 more points and creatinine has risen again since the above 50% figure.\nRight kidney smaller in size,\nBoth kidneys irregular edges \u2013 not smooth.\n2 different ANA+ tests,\nhomogenous,\nUrea Nitrogen (Bun) 20,\nPTH at 51,\nAlbumin 4.8,\nAST high 40,\nChloride 100,\nCalcium high at least 3x in a row 10.4, 10.6, 10.9 which could indicate parathyroid tumor.\nPotassium too high 5.9\nPlatelets 475,000\nDiabetic 180\nSodium 136\nErastase 2+Thank", "title": "Fatigue, sometimes foggy memory, lower back & headache pain, occasional chest pain?"}
{"text": "45 yr old female, no medications.  About four weeks ago I noticed a rash on my inner thigh. It doesn\u2019t itch or burn. I thought it might be some type of fungus so I put Athletes foot cream on it but it go worse. I went to the doctor and they said its ringworm and told me to put the same athletes foot medication on it but now it\u2019s spreading. Do you know what this could be", "title": "I have a rash, thought it might be some type of fungus, doc says ringworm?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 23 year old female, and I have severe constipation. I went to the hospital last Friday with pain and no bowel movement for five days prior,but while I was a the hospital had a bowel movement three time and was prescribed over the counter miralax and to follow up on Doctor. Had X-rays showed no bowel obstruction and blood work normal, had mild urine infection I started miralax over the counter packets Monday everyday , but no bowel movements since and it had been four days,my stomach is bloated,I\u2019m Uncomfortable  and my back hurts and my abdomen hurts too all over. What can I do or take to get some relief ? I have IBS,Panic disorder,asthma, low iron and I had gallbladder removed 4 months ago.The medications I take regularly are paroxetine 40 mg, clonazepam .5 mg, pantoprazole 20 mg, ondansetron 4 mg as needed, probiotic , vitamin D 5,000, Claritin over the counter, dymista nasal spray 137 mcg, xopenex HFA, Beta plus dietary supplement, daily multi vitamin with iron", "title": "I have severe constipation. I went to the hospital but no bowel movements since?"}
{"text": "i had pneumonia when I was 16 and it was a bacterial infection I was in a lot of pain but we manage to catch it just in seconds. but my pain never went away and I\u2019VE never had the same body type as I did before and I am now 18 I still get pain down my sides and stabs in my chest and I\u2019ve had lots of x rays and all sorts of test. This year 2016 I got pleurisy again where the pain came back stronger and all the same aches and symptoms again where I was prescribed as antibiotics again  it went away within in 1-2 weeks after that but then I got it again for second time this year with all the same pain it keeps going back and fourth onto my sides and sometimes affects both but no pain every goes away iv\u2019e seen doctor at hositpal and have had lots of x ray but even they don\u2019t know what it is because it only came out unclear the first time ever other ultra scan or x ray was clear so I don\u2019t understand why I\u2019 still suffering and got this pain please HELP", "title": "I had pneumonia, pleurisy,pain doesn\u2019t go away?"}
{"text": "I am a 41 year old female. I take medication for blood pressure, a water pill and a statin.  My tonsils have been removed and I was diagnosed with vitiligo at age 8.\nThe past two nights I have experienced severe pain in both my knees. It is a constant pain that I describe as a sledge hammer coming down on my knees.  There is no redness and no swelling and I can move without worsening or lessening the pain. The pain will eventually taper off on it\u2019s own, only to return at bedtime.  I have had xrays and blood work done and have been advised of nothing to explain what is happening. I have had no injuries and do not participate in sports. I have no prior issues with joints, or my knees. I do walk daily for exercise. I am wondering what could be causing this sudden issue", "title": "I have experienced severe pain in both my knees, feels like a sledge hammer coming down on my knees?"}
{"text": "I am a 17 year old male, and was diagnosed with probable viral meningitis around four years ago.\nSince then, I have experienced some minor neurological after effects, such as including Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo a few years ago. However, since last December (nearly a year), I have felt much worse.\nCurrently, I am experiencing:\nMuscle and Bones Weakness (persistent for a few years)\nVision issues (some black spots, particularly in particular lightings- diagnosed with light sensitivity and I wear glasses)\nMemory problems (Quite severe- feeling of blankness/brain fog)\nSpeech issues (occasional- mixing up sentences)\nDisorientation (occasional- feeling of dizziness- cured with food/water)\nHeadaches/ tension (back and sides of head- not very often/severe, made worse with blue light)\nLack of stamina (Easily physically tired) I have had numerous recent blood tests, which have come back clear. I also had an MRI scan a few years ago shortly after the Viral Meningitis. My Doctors seem a bit perplexed at the moment, and their only course of action was a psychological examination to test for anxiety (which came back completely fine) and lifestyle changes (which seem to have helped slightly, although not with the memory/concentration).\nAny help would be greatly appreciated, as I am concerned it will continue to have a very adverse affect on my life (particularly school).\nThanks again", "title": "Diagnosed with probable viral meningitis around four years ago, having numerous issues?"}
{"text": "71 yr old recently retired female Nurse. O/A 25yrs Total Knee Replacements r 2011 l 2013\nDiagnosed 2014 Crohns disease, remission since Jan 2016. Hypertension conrolled.\nDiagnosed breast cancer/lumpectomy (ILC) 11/2015 5 wks radiotherapy 2016.\nFall 1/2016 fractured fibular at ankle and 4 fractured ribs \u2013 healed\nLower back pain degenerative Lumber 4-5 2016\nOsteopenia 2015\nProblem: Chronic mucus head cold symptoms since 1/2016 ? medication side effect/other?\nCurrent meds\n\u2013 moduretic 5 mg 1/2 mane\n\u2013 Coversyl 5 mg 1/2 every 2nd day\n\u2013 Ranitadine 300 mg 1/2 mane\n\u2013 Tamoxafin 10 mg 1 mane\n\u2013 Efexor 37.5 1 mane\n\u2013 Methotrexate 10mg 1 wkly\n\u2013 Codeine 10mg /paracetamol 500mg 1 bd\n\u2013 Paracetamol 500mg 1 bd\n\u2013 Loperimide 2 mg PRN approx 1-2 wkly\n\u2013 IMI B12 4mnthly\nNaturapathic \u2013 daily calcium, Vit D, Folate wkl", "title": "Chronic mucus head cold symptoms since 1/2016 ?"}
{"text": "I am a 35 year old male.  I weigh 195 pounds and am 5 foot 9. I currently see a psychiatrist for OCD and Anxiety disorder.  I am on 1-2 mg Alprazolam (as needed daily), and 200 mg of Sertraline.  In addition to these medications, I have an albuterol inhaler that I take as needed \u2014 which is not very often, as I have very mild asthma.(\u2026) I have been free of using nebulizors, and other inhalers for 20 years \u2014 since I started high school.  In these twenty years, I have not had a severe asthma reaction that warranted any concern.  (\u2026) I had a lung collapse when I was probably five years old, (\u2026)  But then it all went away!  I went to college, ditched my medication and forgot all about my childhood ailment.  (\u2026)I have had pneumonia twice in the last ten years. I am NOT Tobacco smoker.  I have for the last five years used cannabis on occasion (I use a double filter chambered water pipe)On Sunday, 20th November, I woke up to a typical head cold.   (\u2026)By Monday,(\u2026) diagnosed with asthmatic exasperation, which I found very odd. (\u2026)   They gave me two nebulizer treatments (back to back), put me on prednisone, and gave me Amoxicillin.  (\u2026) Later that evening, things got worse, and my wife rushed me to the hospital (\u2026)My breathing was terrible. What I could breathe, which was extremely little, was an extremely loud and audible high pitched gurgling sound.  I was admitted and began receiving nebulizer treatments every two hours.  (\u2026)I\u2019m still doing nebulizer treatments on the machine I haven\u2019t used in twenty years, and taking 40mg of prednisone.  The hospital agreed, asthmatic exasperation.  (\u2026)( My question ) How could I go twenty years virtually symptom free of asthma, to randomly, out of the blue, literally on my deathbed from this childhood affliction?  In the last twenty years I have been exposed to so many things that never set my asthma off.(\u2026", "title": "I had a lung collapse and a severe asthma reaction,20 years later relapse with asthmatic exasperation?"}
{"text": "33 year old male. Stabbing chest pains like a needle for several weeks.  This comes and goes and lasts seconds.  Left Arm pain and pressure comes and goes in different places. This is mostly on the inside of elbow area. Constipated as well. I\u2019ve been to the doctor and had several cardiac tests (4 ekgs, stress test, chest X-ray, blood work) all showing as normal.  Holter monitor done as well, but no results yet", "title": "Stabbing chest pains, had several cardiac tests, all OK?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 44 for over a year my urine has smelled of sulfur i keep getting macrobid 100mg it never stops this smell ive positive results for e coli in bladder but sometimes urine tests test negative even though symptoms are still there my lower back bottom of spine kills i feel beyond exhausted i keep getting confused can hardly eat the same smell seems to be in nose all of the time I\u2019ve been tested for kidney function this time came back fine this just isn\u2019t goin away ive even excepted i wont have another partner my children have even said my sweat smells bad if they lie on my bed or anything i seem to be consumed in this smel", "title": "For over a year my urine has smelled of sulphur?"}
{"text": "29 year old female. Having recurrent UTI\u2019s, I don\u2019t have diabetes, I\u2019ve seen primary dr. , urologist and gynecologist. They\u2019ve done cystoscopies and bladder is normal, lab work is normal, no STDs. Some times urine culture does not show infection, but I still have pain while passing urine, pressure and burning. Right now I\u2019m  taking a second round of antibiotics in less than 2 week because the first didn\u2019t work. Taking CIPRAN 500mg 1 every 12hrs for 5 days.\nPlease help this is getting frustrating, this has been going on for the last 3 years, I usually get them every 2-3 months and I takes about 3 rounds of antibiotics to go away. Some times I take AZO to help relieve the symptoms but this time is not working. It\u2019s hard to live a normal life and marital life when I\u2019m constantly in pain", "title": "Having recurrent Urinary Tract Infections (UTIs),  this has been going on for the last 3 years?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 17 year old female and have been breaking out in hives for like 7 years now. When I first went to the doctor I was told it was ring worm, which I now know it is not. They have been getting more severe so I went and got a blood allergy test done. I just got the results and was told I\u2019m severely allergic to beef eggs milk almonds wheat and rabbit brush, as well as 975 other things I came back positive to being allergic to. I live in Nevada and rabbit brush is everywhere. Am I just going to have be on medications and covered in hives forever? Or can something be done?", "title": "I was told I\u2019m severely allergic to beef eggs milk almonds wheat and rabbit brush, as well as 975 other things?"}
{"text": "I am a 30 yr old female and started having a pain in a very specific part of my head.  On the back right middle head and it\u2019s only in a spot about the size of my fingertip.  I\u2019ve also begun seeing a blue flash every now and then (couple times a week) out of my right eye.  The pain isn\u2019t bad, probably a 2 out of 10 and it just lasts about 5 seconds then goes away and might come back a few time throughout the week.  I\u2019ve had thorough eye work ups with an ophthalmologist and so I do not have any eye problems.  I just found it weird that the pain is in such a small isolated spot and keeps coming and going.  It has not gotten worse since I first noticed it about a year ago", "title": "I am having pain in a very specific part of my head for 1 year, seeing blue flash?"}
{"text": "Our baby is 5 weeks old. Had bronchiolitis and had therapy for 7 days in hospital in Macedonia with lendacin and urbason. now his chest are ok but continues with pulmicord inhaling (26 days) and Cefaklor sirup (5 days).\nI am desperate for help what can i do to help our baby not to have side effects or further complications. I read that when babies are so young it is more then possible to have later complications or serious illnesses. Sometimes he screams like hell and we don\u2019t know why. He might be in pain. He seems lost now, confused and scared from all the hospitals and needles :((\nPlease please please advice, what to do to help him", "title": "Our baby is 5 weeks old. Had bronchiolitis and therapy, screams but we don\u2019t know why?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m (\u2026), I am Fifty years old, I am 183cm and weigh 16stone, I don\u2019t smoke and drink once a week, my medical history is good so far. In the past few weeks I have noticed that my semen was pink in color and the last time I ejaculated two days ago it was very red and had noticeable blood in it. I had my last doctor check up ten months ago and everything was fine. I don\u2019t have any pain urinating nor do I have any discomfort, it is alarming to see this so do I have anything to worry about? Thank you in advance for your help.Regards", "title": "My semen was pink in color and the last time it had blood in it?"}
{"text": "44, MALE, GOOD HEALTH, I CUT MY FINGER AND KEPT ON WORKING, I HAVE A LARGE CHICKEN GROWING HOUSE FOR A POULTRY COMPANY.  MY FINGER GOT CHICKEN POO IN IT, AND WHEN I HAVE CHICKENS I HAVE TO WORK ALL THE TIME, NO  BREAKS TIL THEY ARE PICKED UP BY COMPANY.  MY FINGER GOT INFECTED, I WENT TO DOCTOR 3 WEEKS AGO AND GOT ANTIBIOTICS, 2 KINDS, AND A SHOT, WAS OFF WORK FOR 7 DAYS, THEN HAD TO GO BACK, NOW MY FINGERNAIL IS ABOUT TO FALL OFF AND MY JOB REQUIRES I PICK UP CHICKENS DAILY, NIGHTLY, 24/7 AND MY FINGER IS NOT HEALING.  BEFORE ANTIBIOTICS, I HAD PUS, AND FINGER WAS DISCOLORED AND SWOLLEN HORRIBLY, NOW SOME SWELLING, BUT REALLY SORE, AND FINGERNAIL IS JUST KIND OF HANGING ON.  I HAVE BEEN SOAKING IT IN WARM SALT WATER, WITH A BIT OF VINEGAR.  I AM AFRAID I WILL HAVE TO MISS A COUPLE WEEKS WORK IN ORDER TO LET THIS HEAL COMPLETELY, WHAT CAN I DO, I REALLY CANNOT AFFORD TO MISS, BUT I CANNOT AFFORD FOR MY FINGER TO FALL OFF EITHER, I STILL HAVE ABOUT 3 DAYS LEFT ON MY ANTIBIOTICS", "title": "My finger was infected with chicken excrement, fingernail is falling off, afraid finger will too?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 40 year old female who underwent cardiac ablation for tachycardia three weeks ago. Ever since I have had episodes of my heart vibrating for several seconds then pausing for one second, this goes on for up to an hour. Is this a normal side effect? I feel fine otherwise and I only feel the vibrating when I\u2019m laying still in bed", "title": "I underwent cardiac ablation for tachycardia, I now have episodes of heart vibrating?"}
{"text": "33 year old female. No diagnosed medical conditions. No medication. Family history of thyroid disease. Current BMI 23. Diet reasonable. Moderate drinker. Social smoker. I have suffered from random intermittent neuropathic pain in my left upper arm for approx last 2 years. It will occur causing me to clutch my arm the happen a few times throughout the day then not happen again for weeks or months. It happened recently and during an episode my left index finger jerked. I know I should see my GP but would just like to know what you think first of all. Does this sound like early symptoms of MS", "title": "I have suffered from random intermittent neuropathic pain, is it early symtoms of Multiple sclerosis (MS)?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m male 24 years old.  I started having intense sharp constant pain behind my right eye, right temple area, and backside of the right side of my head.  It started in early September about once a week for the first 3 weeks.  Then I started having the intense sharp pain every other day.  And now it\u2019s EVERY DAY.  It\u2019s a very intense sharp constant and persistent pain. It gets very painful during the nighttime.  I went to go get it checked out when it started occurring every other day.  The doctor asked what my symptoms were.  Symptoms:  intense pain on the right side of my head behind my eye, right temple, and backside of right side of head.  I DONT have any other symptoms like vomiting, light sensitivity, etc.  Just pain in my head.My doctor prescribed me fioricet and didn\u2019t do anything.  She had me get a CT scan which ended up showing nothing. After that she prescribed sumatriptan which had little effect.  Then I had an MRI done.  The MRI showed I had a little bit of sinuses on the left side of my head (kind of near my eye brow). She said it was probably unrelated to my head pains but she prescribed me 2 weeks of  antibiotics (amoxicillin/clave potassium 875mg) for the sinuses anyway; and decided to refer me to a neurologist for my head pain.Once I started taking the antibiotics my head pain basically all but went away.  12 out of the 14 days I took the antibiotics I was pain free.  2 days of the 14 days I still had pain.  But once I ran out of the antibiotics the miserable intense sharp pains came back\u2026 so I made other appointment to see if I could get some more of the antibiotics.  It took 6 days after I ran out (which was this last Monday) to get into my appointment.  I told her the antibiotics had a huge effect leaving me pain free 12 out of the 14 days when I took them.  She said that was really good and that I probably just needed to be on the antibiotic longer to completely eliminate my symptoms.So this last Monday she prescribed me 3 weeks of the same antibiotic with the same dosage.  I started taking them Monday night.  It\u2019s now Wednesday night and the antibiotics are having no effect on me whatsoever now.  My head pain is still very intense.  I don\u2019t understand why.  I originally thought I had cluster headaches, but she prescribed me fioricet and sumatriptan and they didn\u2019t work.  Then I thought the sinuses that showed up on my MRI scan was linked my head pain since the pain went away first time I took the antibiotics.  But now, for whatever reason the antibiotics aren\u2019t working.  I still have my neurologist appointment on November 30th.What\u2019s wrong with me?What causes intense sharp 10 out of 10 pains on the right side of head behind right eye, right temple, and right side of back of head?I\u2019ve had this for almost 3 months now.  I\u2019m only 24.  It\u2019s so agonizing and exhausting.  I\u2019ve been taking Tylenol everyday.  It\u2019s effecting my everyday life", "title": "I started having intense sharp constant pain behind my right eye, right temple area, and backside of the right side of my head?"}
{"text": "Can you help, for the past few months I have been experiencing pain in my right shoulder from the shoulder blade to the top and down my upper arm and the right side of my neck which never goes away. I keep getting a recurant sore throat now my chest is now feeling raw at sore. Suddenly the pain in my throat disappears then I get pains which starts in just below my knees and goes up to my hips and the bottom of my back.\nIts like a deep niggling, gnawing pain which feels like need to stretch out. It gets to a point I just need to stop, even driving hurts, I don\u2019t get relief from sitting, lying down.I get maybe 1 weeks relief from the leg pain, then it\u2019s back again. The sore throat then the leg pain goes round in a cycle and has been since July/August.I have had blood done by the doctor in October who told me liver and kidney function were all normal, blood count and thyroid normal but my ferrous levels were low so I was given ferrous furmate tablets to take for a month.\nI was also prescribed Omeprazole for heartburn and acid.I have been prescribed pain killers, which don\u2019t touch the sides and venlafaxine twice a day (not sure why!).", "title": "I have been experiencing pain which never goes away?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026), i am a 46 year old male. I have Temporal lobe epilepsy and am NOT on meds. other than that i consider myself to be in relatively good shape. i have of late started to get extremely fatigued after any meal i have. At 1st i considered Gluten intolerance, but have eliminated this as the cause by avoiding foods that contain it and also by eating a single food group at a time. eg Protein for lunch today. I am really tired and it my brain seems to be on a slow strike. This happens with every meal, I have started to avoid eating at work otherwise I cant function properly\u2026Is this something to do with Diabetes", "title": "I have Temporal lobe epilepsy, I feel extremely fatigued after meals, is it Diabetes?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 19 years old \u2013 just started 1st year of uni in Septemberin the middle of September 2016 i was given phenoxymethyl penicillin by my GP for what she thought was tonsillitis (I had white spots on my enlarged tonsils). the antibiotics helped for a few days but the symptoms returned very gradually. I went back about 2 weeks later and was given another course of the same antibiotic which once again worked for a few days then my symptoms returned.\nI went back a week later when my throat seemed significantly worse and I was given a course of a different antibiotic \u2013 clarithromycin, by the same GP. at this point I still had white spots on my tonsils and the GP said I\u2019d scored 4 out of 4 on their tonsillitis test. the symptoms did go away this time as well but not completely. the white spots never returned but my glands and throat continued to be sore and occasionally my ears. I went back and saw a different GP who said it looks like I have glandular fever and the only thing she could prescribe was rest and painkillers. that was about 3 weeks ago and my glands have become more swollen and my throat is in worse pain but there are no white spots on my tonsils they are just very big.should I go back to the GP or do I really need to just wait it out?oh and yes I finished all courses of antibiotic", "title": "GP thinks I have tonsillitis or glandular fever, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I have persistent leucocytosis 12.5k for 1 year. Lymphocytes 4.2k Neutrophils 7.7k Treatment with antibiotics didn\u2019t reduce the WBC count. Rheumatoid arthritis and antibody tests to detect autoimmune diseases were negative. I have neutrophila together with lymphocytosis. P.s suggest possible conditions. Age 55 y. FEMAL", "title": "I have persistent leucocytosis 12.5k for 1 year. Treatment with antibiotics didn\u2019t reduce the WBC count?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) I\u2019m 28 years old and have typically been I good health. About six months ago I started to have bleeding in between my periods and ever since i have not had a typical period for myself as they are light, and i continue to have inter menstrual bleeding. I have also developed a white tongue, and severally dry mouth and my dentist can not figure out why. I am constantly dizzy everyday and my vaginal discharge is consistently green now. Please help, every doctor I go to seems to think nothing is wrong with me, but something\u2019s not right", "title": "I started to have bleeding in between my periods, I have also developed a white tongue and dry mouth, something is wrong with me?"}
{"text": "My 4 years kid had a fever for one day and half,and he felt tired.\nNext day he had rash on neck nape,around mouth, just near his armpits from the back, arms,legs,knees,elbows,hands and palms,feet and soles,very small red dots on his mouth roof not blisters or ulcers.no rash on belly,neither on back,3 small dots on his chest.\nOne doctor diagnosed him as hfmd, the other diagnosed him chicken pox.\nMy question is, could hfmd appear on neck nape,around armpits?\nCould chicken pox appear on palms and soles? Thanks", "title": "My kid was diagnosed with Hand Foot and Mouth Disease by one doc and chicken pox by another?"}
{"text": "I m a 22 year old female I had a small swelling in the right breast 14*9mm .. with non specific axillary lymph node 22*8 mm on rt and 20*5 on the left. Is this lymphadenopathy significant.. but from d impression of us it says it\u2019s a fibroadenoma of BIRADS 3? I want to know if the lymphadenopathy is significant and if is so.. whats the probable reason for it being on b.", "title": "I had a small swelling in the right breast, Is this lymphadenopathy significant"}
{"text": "I was recently in Puerto Rico and got really bad rash on my buttocks. I was sitting at night on the beach without a towel and after 7 days I start getting these itchy red bumps. My coworker that is from Puerto Rico told me that I most likely got bite by sand fleas\nI was at the Doctors office few days ago and got Hydrocortisone 2.5% and Mupirocin Ointment USP 2% but it\u2019s not really helping  pharmacy also ordered for me ivermectin pills that I will get today.. he gave me these because he thought it\u2019s Cutaneous larva migrans but he wasn\u2019t sure so maybe my coworker that is from there is more right..Can please help me? What should I do to make them go away", "title": "Rash on buttocks, by sitting at the beach- sand fleas, cutaneous larva migrans?"}
{"text": "Hi! I am (\u2026) from Norway. For the past 8 years i have had some scars in my nose that has been really irritating. Because every morning and evening i have to blow my nose because of dry blood from the infected area. Also there is a lot of bleeding every day because of this.. its very frustrating. I have spoke with some doctors here where i live (small place) and they gave me a cream called \u201caltargo 10mg/g\u201d but in the manual it says with capital letters, \u201cdo not use in nose, mouth, eyes or other slimy places. Only for external use, skin on arm or leg etc. So i would really like some help to find out what i can do to make these wounds heal. Btw i did take a test, and it came positive with some bacteria present in the infected area (way up in the nose). I am tired of needing to blow my nose 2 times a day to be able to breath, thanks. best regards,", "title": "I have some scars in my nose that are irritating, a lot of bleeding every day?"}
{"text": "I have back problems.  Here are my symptoms:Pain all the way down the outside of my left arm, left 3 fingers and arm goes numb, right hand and arm go numb off and on.\nPain in left shoulder and neck.\nPain between shoulder blades (pain gets worse when I cough or sneeze and if standing up makes my knees buckle).\nPain lower back\nPain down back of right leg into foot and with in minutes of sitting right leg goes numb.\nHaving a hard time urinating, have to really push to start then not much comes out, have to go tot he bathroom all the time.I\u2019ve had an MRI of my c-spine and l-spine and it shows:C5-6  Facet Hypertrophy, no stenosisC6-7  Facet hypertrophy right grater than left, broad-based disc bulge, and uncovertebral hypertrophy right grater then left.  There is a right foraminal encroachment, no stenosis visible.L4-5 Mild concentric disk bulge with shallow midline protrusion, and mild facet hypertrophy, giving bilateral foraminal encroachment.  No frank stenosisL3-4  Concentric disc bulge, with a small midline disc protrusion, facet hypertrophy, and relatively narrow spinal canal.  Ventral CSF is near completely effaced, with thecal sac cross-section 0.8cm AP by 1.5cm left right.  There is right foraminal encroachment.Is it possible that the problem is a disc bulge in my T-spine?I\u2019m a 45 year old mal", "title": "I have back problems, shoulder,neck, back pain \u2013 MRI shows numerous issues?"}
{"text": "My 17 year year old daughter was diagnosed with leg length discrepancy after going to the doctor for pain in her back and right leg. Her right femur is 1.8 inches shorter than her left. Due to the tilt of her pelvis it has also caused her spine to have a slight s curve and her rib cage to pertrude of her left side. The doctor we went and saw recommended we go and get a shoe lift. She has worn that for almost 6 months and the pain has not gotten any better. She suffers from lower back, hip, knee, and ankle pain. I took her back to that same doctor two times and he just keeps on insisting the lift will work and we haven\u2019t given it enough time. I was just wondering if there\u2019s anything else we could possibly do and what other treatments are available", "title": "My 17 year year old daughter was diagnosed with leg length discrepancy?"}
{"text": "I am a 65 year Male with no medical prescriptions, in excellent health exercising five days a week (tennis). I have cholesterol numbers of 165 Total, 60 HDL, 85 LDL.\nAn x-ray of my hand showed tendinitis but also atherosclerotic calcification in the artery.\nWhat should be my treatment (statins) or should I get additional tests such as a CT scan", "title": "An x-ray of my hand showed tendinitis and atherosclerotic calcification, what should I do?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026), I am 24 years old and I had my appendix removed about nine years ago.  I\u2019ve been having pains every since.  In the past nine months the pains got worse.  I\u2019ve had many different scans with no results.  I had a xray done of my spine and there are surgical clips in my lower right quadrant as stated on my results.  Really just need some answers to why they would still be there and if I\u2019m right about them causing all my pain over the years.  What steps should I take next", "title": "I had my appendix removed about nine years ago, I\u2019ve been having pains every since?"}
{"text": "55/ female. Itching that spread over my leg. It has been a year and has gotten worse", "title": "Itching that spread over my leg. It has been a year and has gotten worse?"}
{"text": "I keep getting these attacks where under my chest where ribs meet in the middle suddenly starts hurting. Feels like a heavy sac.  The first one I felt like I was going to die.  Then the sec. I felt the same but knew I made it through the first one. They all start out with sudden stomach pain, then I sweat and get hot so much I want to strip my clothes off but can\u2019t cause of pain then I feel nauseous and then after about 15-30 mins. pain stops and then I start the cold chills. It always feels like I been through trauma. I had about 6 attacks this year. All happen in the evening except the last one. The last was 1 week from the last attack and was in the morning after drinking a slim fast. It was just uncontrollable shaking and then my nose started to run. Lasted 5 mins. Major headache for 3 days and nauseous with fever. That could be unrelated. Sometimes feel bloated. Use Excedrin everyday for headaches.sometimes during running and attacks also have pain in right collarbone. Grandma has heart disease. I\u2019ve searched heart attack verses gas and gallbladder.  Can\u2019t figure out what it is. I\u2019m a 40 yr old female.  Sometimes have tightening in chest in morning through afternoon.feels like it will shatter if I go beyond a certain movement. I don\u2019t know where to start to get answers", "title": "I keep getting attacks, I sweat and get hot, then I start the cold chills?"}
{"text": "I am a 31 year old female with 4 children.  I am having old people health problems.  i exercise daily and eat healthily yet never lose weight, 3 years ago I started having weakness in my wrists and hands, I also had a colonoscopy bc of pain and many precancerous polyps had to be removed, I\u2019ve always had horribly painful uterus issues.  For the past 8 weeks I\u2019ve had persistent numbness in on the right side of my face and right leg.  Brian MRI was normal except brain signal associated with elderly.  I\u2019ve also for 8 weeks have had shooting nerve pain from my back to leg and sometimes to my arms as well along with constant low back pain.  Back MRI shows moderate degenerative disc disease This past year my pulse has been 38-45 each doctors visit along with my heart skipping beats.  im young not a heavy drinker or drug addict and I do no smoke.  Is there anything that could explain why im having so many elderly issues?  Taking ibuprofen when desperate but it does not help.  Gallabladder removed 2008\nOvarian cyst removed 2013\ncsections  2006, 2007, 2014, 201", "title": "I\u2019m only 31, but experiencing health issues associated with elderly people?"}
{"text": "Im 40ty years old hispanic male . Ive been living with Candida Yeast infection for about 18 years now . I didnt know till like a year ago what Candida was . After reading about the symptoms ,skin conditions and tongue infection . Now my question is im starting to feel it in my throat and upper stomach and lower back . So basically my throat liver and kidneys.  Im getting worried that the infection has spread to my organisms . I researched the internet on supplements to take Foods to eat and not eat ect. Do you think its to late for me to get cured with supplements.  Do they work because i dont have insurance.  I know the infection in my body is getting worse now . I dont know why or how i got this infection ive been tested for diabeties ,HIV,STDs or whatever else the doctor asked to get tested for the reason for me having this infection especially on my tongue and inner cheeks to comes and goes but its still getting worse as well i know what triggers it but im embarrassed to admit it .  What do you think doc am i screwed bbecause I\u2019ve read very dificult to treat and cure this infection especially if it has entered the blood stream which im pretty positive it has i have every single sympton from having fungus on some of my toes that started 18 years ago .I get ringworms from time to time in my groing area . I get thrush on my tongue . My throat feels stripped at times hurts when swallow all the way to my upper stomach with heart burn . I mean everything the ringing of the ears , fatigue,  foggy brain at times ,muscle twitching.  Doc my main question and concern is do you think the supplements with diet will work or is it going to take hospitalizing", "title": "Ive been living with Candida Yeast infection for about 18 years now . I didn\u2019t know till like a year ago what Candida was?"}
{"text": "My 12 year old son has been complaining about pain on his front thigh (quadriceps), since he was 3 years old for both 2 legs. It happens to him after playing and doing activities like sports and after school. It happens to him at least once a week. and it lasts between 12 hours \u2013 72 hours. some time he feels clicking on front quadriceps and he feel relief after clicking. Sometimes he says it is burning and stinging.\nSometimes he needs rest to get rid of the pain. sometimes it is saviour and he can\u2019t walk even for a day and need pain killers. I could say it is always with him. This isssue has affected his running, sport and activities. He is always the last person in all sports activities. Mean he is too slow. we visited many doctors and different x rays and blood tests and many physios. But nothing has been diagnosed. I need help to know what to do and what is his problem. His health and life has been affected because of this issue and he has lost his confidence as he is always looser in all activity games.", "title": "My 12 year old son has pain on his front thigh, we visited many doctors, no diagnosis"}
{"text": "i have a medical history with my right kidney ,in my teens 15 i had a reimplantation of the tubes ,my right kidney was damaged and enlarged and ony filtered 50percent, this improved once i had a reimplantation of tubes through the uretha ,i am now 22 and am struggling with a dull ache in the right side in this cold weather , i also have been experiencing joint pain ,starting in my swollen feet and then my right knee flared up ,recently i have joint pain in my hands and elbows , my hands and elbows have all blue vains around the joints , struggling to keep hold and grip items for long periods without dropping them or having imediate cramps ,do you think that this could be connected , i have been weeing more , experiencing headaches and fatigu", "title": "I am experiencing, joint pain, aches, swollen feet, and blue veins around my joints?"}
{"text": "About 5 days after being raped , my gums started to swell , I figured it was just my cut from my tongue ring, but then by Friday my tonsils were swollen. After the my lips looked like they were peeling but now look like they have canker sores on them. I have a bunch of canker sores inside my mouth that seemed to be spreading. Is this oral herpes", "title": "About 5 days after being raped , my gums started to swell, do I have herpes?"}
{"text": "I am a 41 year old female.  I presented with pain that started in my shoulder and then progressively worked its way down my arm. The upper bicep area above my elbow I noticed that I had a lump and I originally thought that I tore my bicep. I have pain lost strength for example it can be hard for me to lift a large drink or carry a gallon of milk. My doctor after only spending about 3 minutes with me sent me for and MRI. I went back for my MRI reading, once again the doctor only spent about 3 minutes with me told me I have a very small amount of tendonitis in my shoulder and told me that the mass was nothing that it\u2019s just fat. ( I had to lean around them to be able to see the screen and I could see on the MRI it was a big oval area that was bright white see you can clearly see that there was a mass of something)  I asked why I was having such bad pain and restricted use of my arm and I was told we\u2019re not going to worry about that right now and he suggested physical therapy and left the room. It has been 2 weeks since that visit in the pain is sometimes unbearable to the point where I can not sleep.  I have scheduled a second opinion.But my question is more along my MRI and the mass in my arm, how are they able to tell what the mass is made of and that it\u2019s nothing more serious.  And why would I have a mass of fat.  Cancer runs in my family which is why it\u2019s a huge concern of mine.  I cannot find anything on the internet that says then an MRI will find a mass of fat.I\u2019ve had family and coworkers comment that the mass seems to have gotten larger overt the last few weeks.  Also I\u2019ve had a very busy week at work where we did a lot of lifting which I had to do it now option and now my back on just that side where I\u2019m having problems with my arm is having a lot of pain", "title": "I presented with pain that started in my shoulder and then progressively worked its way down my arm?"}
{"text": "I am 19 years old, male, and suffer from daily to near daily headaches that vary in pain, change location throughout the day, and don\u2019t always follow a pattern of occurrence (Some weeks it will be every day, other weeks it\u2019ll be every other day, and some weeks it\u2019ll be a couple days in a row and then nothing the next day and then one after that) I have had no previous traumatic head or brain injury, and have not yet consulted with a doctor/neurologist. Ibuprofen/other pain killers will work for short amount of times sometimes and other times they will not work at all. I wanted to know why I receive these constant headaches", "title": "I suffer from daily headaches that vary in pain, I have had no previous traumatic head or brain injury?"}
{"text": "Good day!Ms/Mr Doc.\ni have a couple of questions about Amebiasis (Amoeba). If i have Amebiasis history or i am feeling well now can i eat sweets food or any regular food? And what are food that can triggered Amebiasis to awake again? Thank you in advance Doc! for answering", "title": "I have history of Amebiasis, what foods will trigger it again?"}
{"text": "my wife has 22 years woman who cannot possibly be pregnant, but I seem to be producing milk from her left breast.There isn\u2019t much, I noticed it isn\u2019t accident and her breasts are not painful at all.she does not take any pill before 2 years from still now. she under a thyroid problem and also migraine headache.\nno menstruation problem, period are ok. milk color white and no bad smell.This is worrying me and I\u2019m not sure what I should do. I don\u2019t think she have any lumps or anything.\nIs it possible to produce breast milk without being pregnant", "title": "My wife is not pregnant, but she is producing milk from her left breast?"}
{"text": "Hi, I was diagnosed with meningitis in January 2016 and I had a MRI scan and a CT scan and it all come back clear. I also had two lumber punctures and they said something was high in the results but I can\u2019t remember what. But I started feeling better then got discharged from hospital, I couple of days went by and I thought I was feeling better. But then it went down hill, I was started suffering with bad headaches again and there worse then before. I\u2019ve been getting this red ring around my iris in my eye and having yellow fluid flow out of my nose whenever I do anything, I\u2019ve literally got to stop whatever I\u2019m doing so it slows down. I\u2019ve been to my doctors more then 10 times and he doesn\u2019t seem to answer my questions he just gives me medication and I keep saying there not helping. So I\u2019m hoping I can get a second opinion from you guys", "title": "I was diagnosed with meningitis in January 2016, I have no relief, need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I am 18 years old and in severe pain in my lower back and legs. I was wondering if someone could explain these MRI findings for me and explain what my next step should be.\nL4-L5-There is moderate right neural foraminal stenosis related contribution from a right eccentric disc bulge with probable right foraminal disc protrusion. There is mild left neural foraminal stenosis due to disc bulge. There is a broad central disc protrusion, which narrows both lateral recesses, left more than right. The central canal remains patent.\nL5-S1- There is mild left neural foraminal stenosis. The right neural foramen is patent. There is a small central disc protrusion with annular fissure. The central canal is patent", "title": "In severe pain in my lower back and legs, had MRI, what does it mean, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I am a 32 year old female diagnosed with Gaucher disease type 1 with genetic mutation in genes N370S/L444P.  I read some test result taken in 2012 regarding my bones. It says that i have hypercellular activity, anemia, with pack bone marrow present.  What does this mean", "title": "I am a 32 year old female diagnosed with Gaucher disease type 1, help me understand my test results??"}
{"text": "I am a 31 year old female with joint pain and muscle spasms since 2011 all limbs and back. Have periods were i have no symptoms and periods were i can barely walk or carry out daily activities.Been to drs a few time prescribed Naproxen tramadol etc but no diagnosis. Have now developed numbness in legs on and off and have burning and tingling in face. Have also has shingles in face 3 times in 8 months. Any ideas what could be the cause? I\u2019m very bad pain wise at the minute", "title": "I have joint pain and muscle spasms since 2011, now developed numbness in legs?"}
{"text": "My husband is 43 years got injury on his leg just below knee while doing river rafting. During trip he just kept wound clean but didn\u2019t take any antibiotics. His diabetic too. After 15 days when he came back he started to take antibiotics but wound had been worsening day by day one dr start aggressive antibiotics treatment. But wound not get better but strat oozing. He took surgical opinion , one surgeon suggested wound debriment under journal anaesthesia\u2026..and told he is diabetic so get 2 to 3 month to get wound healed after surgery. But other surgeon suggest one new antibiotics and stop others. He said more that he is diabetic and his wound is curable by medicine just keep it open and let it dry and keep  clean it and surroundings .\nWe did the same with in two days it got dried but dead cell was on top . He kept it clean with pyodine and neomysine powder.\nBut today it is oozing agaun though it is not swollen like before. But it is depressing again that it is oozing. He is taking Linezolide 600mg 12hrly. Please advise . His BGL is also controlled random with.in 200 and fasting around 130", "title": "Diabetic man had leg injury, antibiotics not working?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 39 year old female.  I am 7 days late for me monthly period. I\u2019ve taken a couple of hpt but all came back negative. I have a very regular 28-29 day cycle, I\u2019m never late. I am experiencing some early pregnancy symptoms such as frequent urination and bloating/gas. I am not sure what this means. I\u2019ve never experienced this before. Is my period just really late or is it too early to detect anything in my urine", "title": "I am 7 days late for my monthly period. I\u2019ve taken a couple of hpt (home pregnancy tests) but all came back negative."}
{"text": "Hello! This is not really a general question.. I am 20 years old, female. For the past few months i have been experiencing extreme pain in my abdomen. The pain shoots down my back and is accompanied with nausea and chills/fevers. After a sonar the doctors said i have sludge in my gallbladder. The underlying problem was spherocytocis \u2013 a deformation of the red blood cell. As a result of the sphero, my spleen became enlarged and broke down red blood cells, causing the liver to produce too much bilirubin. I had surgery to remove my spleen last week; however, I just had another gallbladder attack after only a week. I eat a very healthy diet with only natural fats. I have been drinking Ursotan to help the body with dissolving cholesterol. Is it possible that the Ursotan may be making me feel worse ? Is it possible for the gallbladder attacks to go away? How long will it take after my splenectomy for the gallbladder to recover again? How can i be sure that it is even my gallbladder and not my stomach or something else ? I\u2019m really hopeless by no", "title": "I have spherocytocis,  I had surgery to remove my spleen last week, however I just had another gallbladder attack?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a 25 year old female with no significant medical history. I have had two c-sections and have PCOS. I have been having a lot of pelvic pain over the last 6mo. It is off and on but happens more often than not. I have noticed it is especially worse during and after inter course. I have had ultrasounds that show hemoragic cysts on my ovaries but I have had those off and on my whole life since starting my period. I am concerned that maybe something is being missed. What could be a cause of extreme and intense and sudden jolts of pelvic pain during sex as well as aching pain often. I\u2019ve also had bloating", "title": "I have been having a lot of pelvic pain over the last 6mo.  I have had two c-sections and have PCOS?"}
{"text": "just turned 59 2 years ago had pulmonary heart failure 6 months ago had a stint placed around the shoulder of right arm, my hand had turned black over night the stint seemed to take care of the problem. I\u2019ve had high blood pressure for the last 8 or 10 years, my primary had me on 8 or 9 type\u2019s of statin drugs witch seemed to help my blood pressure but i had no energy and musle ache\u2019s all the time, then i started researching about statin drugs and from what i surmised was that statin drugs would probably kill me before my heart would, so i weened myself off them totally, now when they placed the stint in me, they prescribed losartan potassium 25 mg for twce a day for my blood pressure, and i\u2019ve changed my diet quite a bit, everything seemed to be doing good, but lately i have a constant ringing in my ears, twice about 5 days apart the ringing got extremely load followed by bad dizziness and hot flash with a lot of perspiration both times lasted about 20 minutes I\u2019ve also had two or 3 dizzy spell\u2019s where i had to stop what i was doing and sit down till they were over, also two weeks worth of headache\u2019s mostly in the evenings around the left temple area, i don\u2019t usually have a problem with headache\u2019s. Thank you for any thoughts or idea\u2019s you can share with me", "title": "Had pulmonary heart failure, taking statins, I now think statin drugs would probably kill me before my heart would?"}
{"text": "hello my name is (\u2026) and i am 22 yrs old from israel(so i am sorry if my english is not that well),i have been using ssri throughout my life since the age of 12 with little \u201cstops\u201d for 2 months per year approximately, i have been using many types of ssri(Fluoxetine,Sertraline,Fluvoxamine,etc)with doses varying from very high (80 mg-20 mg)  and i am not using currently for 3 years,my question is about 2 things 1. i am really afraid these pills have ruined my sense of taste and some of my smell since i feel is really weak,i don\u2019t enjoy flavors very much and i cant detect sweet really well. overall i feel  that it as been altered,is it possible that this is an outcome from the meds? if so is it reversible?is it possible that because i have been using them throughout my adolescent and my \u201cgrowing\u201d years that the damage is irreversible?i am really  worried about it and i really want to know if there is some way i can \u201creverse\u201dthe damage if one really exists?\n2.is it possible for me to have a better ability to climax since some of the side effects of these pills is lower sex drive and lower ability to orgasm? my sex drive is not high and i want to know if it has anything to do with it.thank yo", "title": "I\u2019ve been using ssri (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors)throughout my life, I feel my sense of taste is altered?"}
{"text": "My little boy will be 2 in January and hes always had huge problems with stomach pain and wind. I have taken him to the doctors so many times and had countless tests done. Hes had a general blood test, allergy tests, poo samples taken and physical examinations of his tummy and an abdominal scan. All results are normal. Every night I sit for 3 hours cradling my little boy because he is in such serious pain he has now started to shout tummy when the pain is coming. I have kept a food diary for the last two months and not been  able to pin point a certain food that upsets his tummy. He is on Movicol for constipation and this is working fine and  he poos regularly.  It might be useful to mention that when the pain comes on he also coughs and clutches his throat, his voice is horse all the time and everyone comments on how deep his voice is for a baby. I have trawled the internet for the last 6 months looking for answers. I have spent a small fortune on various medicines to help with wind and tried natural remedies such as peppermint. Im at a loss now I\u2019m on the edge he screams for hours and hours and my GP has told me I cannot take him back again as they have completed all intial  investigations  and found nothing.  Is it possible he is suffering with GERD? I\u2019ve read about this online and his symptoms are so similar. Please can anyone give me any advice", "title": "My little boy has stomach pain, done countless tests, spent a fortune, I\u2019m at a loss, need advice?"}
{"text": "I visited my doctor because of my lower back pain. It causes sleepless nights and decreases my daily activities. The pain is worse when laying down, sitting down or walking/running.  My doctor sent me for an xray that showed I have a 2.5cm spot on my Iliac Bone. The doctor then sent me for a Bone Scan and here are the results.  Should I be concerned and demand an MRI?\n1. Increased uptake in the mandible more so on the right\n2. Slight increased activity in the right temporal area is noted on the lateral view of the skull though unlikely to\nbe a lesion.\n3. There is a small focus of mild increased uptake in the right posterior 10th rib. This is not well-visualized on the lumbar spine films. This could be a fracture though other considerations including neoplasia\nare not excluded.\n4. The uptake at the hips is mild.\n5. There is mild periarticular uptake at the shoulders.Age: 38\nAllergies: Penicillin\nChronic Lower Back Pain/Sometimes mid back pain\nOngoing for nearly a year\nNo injuries, no personal history of cancer (although I have a huge history of cancer in my family), hysterectomy surgery in June 2016. No other surgeries or major illnesses", "title": "I have a 2.5cm spot on my Iliac Bone. Should I be concerned and demand an MRI?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 63 year old male I suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in July 04 this was caused by sinus bradicardia for which I have a single chamber pacemaker. The legacy of the stroke is dropfoot on my left side. But for the last two weeks I started suffering from violent  muscle spasms in my left Quads muscles particularly over the distal end of the muscle just above my Lt  Patella The spasming is so painful It almost makes me fall over and severely restricts my walking I am very concerned and want to know what may be causing this once the initial pain and spasm starts to ease I he constant discomfort in my upper leg just above my patella Have you any idea why this may be happening also my toes hurt particularly my little toe and the one next to it also on my left side My footwear is correct so there is no pressure on my toes.I hope you can give mean indication what maybe causing these spasms your sincerely(\u2026", "title": "I suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in July 04, I started suffering from violent  muscle spasms in my left Quads muscles?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 35 year old male with no prior health conditions. About 2 months ago, I came down with acute viral myocarditis. During my stay in the hospital, I had an echocardiogram and lexiscan preformed. The echo showed mild mitral valve regurgitation, trace tricuspid regurgitation, left ventricular hypertrophy, and possible right atrial dilation with an EF of 60%. The lexiscan showed no blocked arteries, with a EF of 55 at rest and 54% during activity, results were unremarkable.\nEver since I left the hospital, I\u2019ve had frequent PVC\u2019s throughout the day (never previously had them) and unspecified chest pain in different locations, SOB, a weird jittery feeling in my heart and a sensation of drowning. My SPO2 levels always drop when lying on my back from a normal of 96% to 91-92%.\nSince all this has happened, I have gone back to the ER once a week because I feel like things aren\u2019t right. My EKG\u2019s are always abnormal, they say things like abnormal qrst angle, twave abnormality, the twave inversion, left ventricular hypertrophy, and the doctors after looking at them say they\u2019re fine. The chest xray is always okay, and my cardiac enzymes are down. They say follow up with my cardiologist.\nI have followed up with cardiology, he preformed another echo, said my heart looked beautiful and EF is 60%. He did a two day event Holter and said my heart rate at one point went to 150 and then started talking about panic attack and completely dismissed my heart and said these things are being brought on by anxiety.\nI\u2019m no expert, but I cannot see how anxiety will cause abnormal EKG\u2019s and my SPO2 to rise fall so dramatically. Any imput will be greatly appreciated. I am seeking a second opinion, but the doctor is going to preform the same tests. Is there any other tests they could preform to completely rule out heart problems? I\u2019m afraid my heart is just going to stop beating", "title": "I came down with acute viral myocarditis, doctors say its due to anxiety. Need 2nd opinion?"}
{"text": "I am 19, female and diagnosed Anorexia nervosa binge purge subtype \u2013 in the past week I have been having sharp pains in my left collarbone region and upper left rib cage which I am sure is my supraclavicular gland \u2013 it is only my left collarbone that causes real discomfort whenever I hiccup, stretch, attempt to purge etc. the rib hurts when I try to breathe deeply. I have had a rare, sporadic mucus cough, it is not persistent it happens when I eat or randomly I will inhale and have to cough and clear my airway of the mucus. This started a few weeks ago I believe it is caused by accidentally aspirating my vomit a few times before it began. Is this an infection or should I be worried about possible stomach or esophageal cancer", "title": "I have Anorexia nervosa binge purge subtype,having sharp pains in my left collarbone region and upper left rib cage?"}
{"text": "I am experiencing a lot of widespread pain, especially between my shoulders, also numbness and tingling in my back, fatigue and losing sleep. Also, have a lot of inflammation in my eye. I had blood work done to check for autoimmune disease because of the pain and the inflammation but it came back negative. Can I still have an autoimmune disease with negative blood work?  I have been diagnosed with a Chairi Malformation 1 but the Neurosurgeon said it wasn\u2019t bad enough for surgery and that my symptoms did not line up with the Chairi", "title": "I have been diagnosed with a Chairi Malformation, experiencing a lot of widespread pain is it autoimmune disease?"}
{"text": "I am a 51 year old male with Hyperaldosteronism due to adrenal adenoma, diabetes t2, intracranial small vessel disease, periphial artery disease, high bp, stage 3 kidney disease. I take a large amount of medication.\n     I have found on my right shin a \u201crash\u201d. Hydrocortisone crean has done nothing to it.  I have had it for four weeks or more.  In the last several days it has begun to scab a little.  What could this be", "title": "I have found on my right shin a \u201crash\u201d. Hydrocortisone cream has done nothing to it?"}
{"text": "Are these spots next to my labia normal", "title": "Are these spots next to my labia normal?"}
{"text": "I received the following report from a chest CT scan: There is evidence of a 3.2 cm x 1.6 cm x 2.5 cm irregular infiltration in the peripheral aspect of the superior segment of the left lower lobe. Air bronchograms are seen within this. This may represent a focal pulmonary infiltrate. Underlying mass lesion can not be ruled out. There is no demonstrated pleural abnormality.What does this mean? The nurse said the my (primary care provider) PCP thinks it is fluid or an infection and not likely to be malignant. I am still worried. This seems very large and I don\u2019t have symptoms of pneumonia. How concerned should I be that this is cancer? I am a 40 yo, female with no smoking history. This was initially found on a routine work x-ray. How should I proceed", "title": "Had chest CT scan , primary care provider thinks it is fluid or an infection, can it be cancer?"}
{"text": "I had a radiofrequency surgery done on the back of my heels and lower part of my Achilles to burn scar tissue  and I\u2019m still having pain from the surgery!! I had my right foot done in late July  early August 2016and my left on done this past October and its making it hard to walk especially after sitting or laying for awhile!!! I also having braces/orthotics that I\u2019m suppose to wear and they are hard material and it to painful to wear them when I look at where I had the surgery the location looks like a big lump but it\u2019s hard and tender!!! I don\u2019t know what to do\u2026should I get it checked out or get it x-rayed or scanned?", "title": "I had a radiofrequency surgery done on the back of my heels, still having pain?"}
{"text": "I am 44yr old Female and For months I haven\u2019t been able to lift my arm above my shoulder and was suffering pain throughout upper and lower muscles of my left arm\u2026 I can\u2019t put any weight on it and have ruled out rotator cuff\u2026. steroid injection and physio, ibruprohen and anti inflamatories no effect it is getting worse to the point pain occurs without movement and is enough to take my breath away, also recently noticed swelling to the left of my left breast and my under arm is tender.", "title": "I haven\u2019t been able to lift my arm above my shoulder, had steroid injection and physio, ibuprofen and anti inflammatories no effect?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 46 year old male with borderline blood pressure issues family has a history of stroke and heart disease I\u2019ve had headaches and shortness of breath I went to donate plasma and they said my blood pressure was too high I started taking my sister\u2019s blood pressure medicine and it is still ranging from 186/120 to 177/114 with a heart rate of 95-115 should I be seen I have no insurance and have been out of work we are under lots of stress as we lost our home and our kids have been split up so they could be in a home is it just stres", "title": "I have blood pressure issues, family has a history of stroke and heart disease?"}
{"text": "22 female; painless localized tumor on the scalp dating an year ago; no medications used except Jodasept; no inflammation incident", "title": "I have a tumor on my scalp?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a female 53 yrs young. I had Lumbar spinal Fusion on 10/11/2016. I am now having alot of pain ( ## 8 ) all day and night since the surgery from a ball of fluid in my left abdomen. My surgery was Anterior on 10/07 then my back on the 11th, 2016. this pain started from the time of surgery. I was readmitted to hospital on 10/30/2016 for 3 days when they were planning on doing a PROCEDURE to release the fluid but then sent me home because they said it might be too dangerous to do this PROCEDURE. Well I have heard nothing from the surgeons since then but still have Extreme pain in the same area plus every morning the pain goes down my left leg for the first few hours I am awake. I am miserable all through the night Every single night and I wake up crying. can you please tell me what this could be?  Thank-yo", "title": "I had Lumbar spinal Fusion on 10/11/2016. I am now having alot of pain. Recommended procedure consider too dangerous??"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 27 year old female who has for the past 3months during urine dipping for various reasons  has had blood (sometimes protein) in my urine, it isn\u2019t visible to the naked eye. I had a urine test again today and they have now told me they will be referring me to urology, of course I googled symptoms and now i have convinced my self it could be cancer. I have had period like aches in right side of abdomen on and off for months hence the visit to the doctors. And was treated for possible kidney infection back in August.\nI\u2019m really worried and stressing about this now as I don\u2019t know how long I will have to wait.\nHad bloods done last week that all came back negative and urine test show no sign of infection, please help.\nThank yo", "title": "I have blood in urine, convinced it could be cancer?"}
{"text": "I am 21 and I am a woman my medical records is that I\u2019m ADHD ADHD used to take bipolar medicine I took clonidine for sleeping. But my records for this is different but doctor I\u2019m going to ask you this question because I\u2019ve been freaking out about it. I\u2019ve took home 20 pregnancy test and they all been negative but for the past going on 5 weeks now I have been getting bigger and I\u2019m getting these big bumps the inside of my belly and it hurts my back and everything. So what do I have to do to get it fixed this is never happened to me I\u2019m only 21", "title": "My pregnancy tests are negative, but my belly is getting bigger?"}
{"text": "Hi there, I am facing a laparoscopic mastectomy in a few months to take out one 12cm fibroid that is sitting at the lowest part of my uterus. I am okay about having the surgery, I welcome it. I very hesitant about the medication that my doctor has prescribed to me leading up to the surgery \u2013 Lapron. From everything that I have read and all of the videos I have watched and websites I have read \u2013 it sounds very scary and the side effects are not something I am interested in. I am 32 years old, married, never had a child and don\u2019t want children. I would like to preserve my uterus if possible, but wonder if this surgery can be done without taking Lapron? I understand it helps shrink the fibroid, yet I have a lot of stress at work right now and I worry that it will very negatively affect my mood/ruin my sometimes strained marriage, I don\u2019t want to lose my hair or gain more weight. I don\u2019t have unbearable periods, so is it possible to speak with my surgeon and let her know how uncomfortable I am taking this drug? Are there any alternatives? Can this surgery be done without taking Lapron? I am in Canada too, not too sure if that affects your answer. Thank you", "title": "I am facing a laparoscopic mastectomy, Can this surgery be done without taking Lapron?"}
{"text": "35 year old male. I\u2019ve had a headache for the last 4 months.  Lost 30 pounds without trying.  I\u2019m extremely tired all the time. Nausea and vomiting.  I have Hashimotos Thyroiditis.  Total thyroidectomy 3 years ago.  My PCP isn\u2019t really helping.  I\u2019m wondering what could be causing my symptoms", "title": "Lost 30 pounds without trying.  I\u2019m extremely tired all the time. Nausea and vomiting?"}
{"text": "hello!today, while playing soccer I couldn\u2019t stop and hit my head to a tribune stand, I immediately ran to locker room and put some ice on the area where my head was hit then went back and continued playing soccer. Now, it\u2019s been 8 hours since this happened and I still have the numbness in my arms and hand, which started after 20-30 mins after I hit my head. How concerned should I be?I am a 18 yrs old male, with 185 cm height and 72 kg weight. I don\u2019t use any pharmaceutical drugs. There\u2019s a little pain, I\u2019d rate it 3/10, but it\u2019s mostly numbness in my arms and chest where I also hit while playing football", "title": "I hit my head, I still have the numbness in my arms and hand"}
{"text": "Hi, 4 months ago I sustained a bad concussion after a metal access door fell about 13 feet from the ceiling and onto my head. I developed severe tendinitis in my neck from this, currently undergoing physical therapy for it, but I have seen absolutely no improvement from the head pains, and the fatigue. Very small activities that used to be very normal for me, now take a lot of energy and ultimately leave me in bed rest for the rest of the day. I took a CT scan the day of the incident in the hospital. I had a bump the size of two tennis balls on my head which went away. But now the question is, why are my pains as bad as when I got hit? I\u2019m a 21 year old female. No prior medical problems at all", "title": "I developed severe tendinitis in my neck, I had a bump the size of two tennis balls on my head?"}
{"text": "Hi, I do not know whether this requires medical or not but I guess it worth a try. The thing is that my hand shakes or as I\u2019ve research known as tremor especially the right one. I believe it started around the age of 16 or 17. In the beginning I didn\u2019t think that I should be concerned with it.  However, the tremor continues until now. I am now 18 going 19 this month. It doesn\u2019t affect my writing, drawing but it shake when i rest my hand. It doesn\u2019t when i sleep. However when i rely on my right hand to carry stuff such as holding the phone on one hand (right), my right hand shakes. It got a bit visible these days that my friends and family noticed it. Could it be due to coffee?When it comes to coffee, my dose is quite high ( ristretto bianco)  and i had start drinking coffee at the age of 15. What do you think about it?", "title": "My hand shakes, the tremor continues and my friends and family noticed it."}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 34 year old male and for the past 1 1/2 years I have felt as if I would pass out from any type of physical exertion including very light physical exertion. I have never had any health problems.  I went to a college football game 2 months ago and after climbing 30-40 steps I thought I was going to pass out. I felt like I was going to vomit. I was so hot. I removed my shoes and socks and hat and poured a bottle of cold water on my head and just laid on the seats. Very embarrassing but after about 10 minutes I felt fine. Another example was last Christmas I was carrying a box of canned food up some stairs then down the hallway. Half way there I couldn\u2019t go any farther. I put the box down. I sat in the break room and tried to cool down by sipping on a cup of water while I was hyperventilating then I ran to the bathroom vomited and put my head in the sink and ran cold water on my head. There are many more examples. While it is happening I feel like I can\u2019t breathe well, I feel like it is 2000 degrees, I feel light headed as if I am going to pass out, I feel nauseous. Also during sex I get these symptoms.  I\u2019m a non-smoker. My weight has gone up to 220 lbs from 160 over the past 7 years. I thought that could be a possible cause. I\u2019m not sure if this would be heart, lungs, or something else. I do plan on going to the doctor about this but I wanted to get some advice first. Any ideas on what could be the cause? Also when I do go to the doctor should I go to my family doctor or should I see a specialist", "title": "I feel I pass out from any type of physical exertion, including very light physical exertion?"}
{"text": "my age is 23 i have brown pigment of sclera in left eye for past one year ,one dark red blood vessel pass through that brown pigment..aftrer six months wen i use mobile and lap i feel severe irritation in that sclera blood vessel it get very red later become little red wen i stop using laptop..many blood vessels formed and headache too joined recently in left  wen i using mobile or lap ..now i cnt able to use lap or mobile..immediately irritate if i see..have u heard any like me..y that brown pigment came..i attached a picture but long blood vessel is not visible much but u can see lightly.", "title": "I have brown pigment of sclera in left eye for one year, can\u2019t use lap or mobile ?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 38 years old and 4 days ago I got a sore on my lip and now it got bigger and it burns I also have several smaller sores inside my mouth accompanied with headache and fever and now I\u2019m just worried wonder if u Cn help me determine what this is ..  thanx Plz hel", "title": "I got a sore on my lip and now it got bigger and it burns?"}
{"text": "Female, age 34, taking Visanne for endometriosis.. I just got finished about 3 weeks ago with treatments on a I.v. Drip for a staph infection from a cyst above my right eyebrow.\nFor the last 2 weeks, my right hand has been kind of tingly and numb like it\u2019s about to fall asleep, but not quite asleep and it\u2019s very weak.  Writing is very difficult,  grasping and gripping is almost next to impossible.   Then now for the last week or so, I\u2019ve had the same feeling in my left leg\u2026and when I scratch at my left leg, the feeling isn\u2019t like scratching an itch\u2026just more tingly.  As well as hot flushes from undery left arm down to my ankle\u2026not hot to the touch,  just on the inside.  My right leg seems to also be weak, but not numb", "title": "For the last 2 weeks, my right hand has been kind of tingly and numb, grasping and gripping is almost next to impossible?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am a 74 year old lady and I went to the doctor last Dec,and they found a 4 cm cyst on my left kidney, and all they said was, we will keep an eye on it,,,well here it is 11 months later and my last xray says it has grown to 7 cm,,and they still say we will keep an eye on it, but I forced the issue and my doctor contacted the reader of the xrays, and he said its a fluid filled cyst,not to worry about it,,,however, I had a cyst on my right breast 4 years ago that was cancerous and I had a lumpectomy,and so far it has been o.k.\nWhat I want to know is should I push the issue again and ask for a sample to be taken of my kidney cyst, or should I just wait and see what happens?", "title": "They found a 4 cm cyst on my left kidney, now grown to 7 cm?"}
{"text": "Hello, my name is (\u2026). I\u2019m an 18 year old female and I have scoliosis. I just wanted to ask when does the body (including the spine/bone structure, whatever it\u2019s called) stop growing or developing for a female? I want to know because I\u2019m worried about it getting worse. I pretty much have a minor case, but the curve is noticeable. My shoulders are slightly uneven and my waist is uneven as well. I don\u2019t really have any pain, just the occasional lower back pain and my back gets tired after trying to sit up for long periods of time. I\u2019m not on any medications, nor do I have any other medical conditions. It\u2019s been sugggested to me that I just do exercises and add in special stretches that will specifically help with my scoliosis to relieve stiffness and any pain I may have. Thank you for your time!", "title": "I have scoliosis,  I\u2019m worried about it getting worse?"}
{"text": "I am 17, female, with several moles similar to the ones in the pictures. I also have discomfort under my arms, i get winded/dizzy easy, and I\u2019ve been very tired lately. The one mole that looks most symmetric, its a little, maybe 1mm bigger, in diameter, than a dixon ticonderoga pencil eraser. The one on the other shoulder is about the same size as the pencil eraser. I have yet to go to a dermatologist because my insurance does not quite cover it. I need some advice. Both moles are on my shoulders. I have a few on my back like this, and one on my arm with an odd shape with different colors. I\u2019m very concerned", "title": "I have moles on my shoulders,  a few on my back?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 17 years old and I am a girl. I have cognitive impairment. It was severe when I was younger. Before I had it, I had cross eye and lazy eye. I got eye surgery around the age 3. I\u2019m just concern about my future. Can teens and young adults with mild cognitive impairment get dementia or also get dementia when it declines", "title": "I have cognitive impairment. Can I get dementia as a young adult?"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m a male 24 years well a couple days ago I notice an itch on my scalp and didn\u2019t pay much attention to it now  I\u2019m scratching uncontrollably I bought love shampoo from the store and didn\u2019t help now I got sores on upper chest and back shoulders I read it can be scabies well unfortunately I don\u2019t have insurance is there anything I can use at home to get rid of them!?? Thanks", "title": "I noticed an itch on my scalp, I\u2019m now scratching uncontrollably?"}
{"text": "My 12th week scan showed everything is o.k during pregnancy. Things were the way round when the radiologist suggested that there is caudal regression syndrome. I was refereed to maternity doctor for termination option?Should I rely one scan report or do i Need to do further investigation?Thank", "title": "My 12th week scan showed everything is o.k , but radiologist suggested there is caudal regression syndrome?"}
{"text": "Female 36: I noticed a burning sensation on my side a few days ago. There was a red bump and that was all. Next day the redness spread and turned red/purple.. I outlined it with a pen. This morning I noticed a white area around the red and the whole thing is one massive whelp. I circled it and now the area outside of the circle is spreading, but it\u2019s white and raised off the skin. I don\u2019t know if this is a bite, Cellulitis, MESA or what? Opinions", "title": "I noticed a burning sensation on my side, the redness spread and turned red/purple and still spreading?"}
{"text": "I am 22 years old, female, and was born with a trigger thumb. First I was given a steroid injection in my thumb that didn\u2019t help. After that I had the trigger thumb release surgery about 4 months ago. For the past 2 months my thumb has been bothering me again and the tendon is swollen like it was before I had the surgery. I went back to my surgeon and he gave me another steroid injection that is actually still hurting pretty badly. Just curious to see if anyone has had issues similar to mine after having the trigger thumb release surgery", "title": "I was born with a trigger thumb, had another steroid injection hurting pretty badly?"}
{"text": "I am a 45 yrs old male, fit and exercise couple times a week and drink two cups of coffee daily, I don\u2019t drink alcohol and eat mainly Mediterranean food.\nMy concern about my blood pressure, I measure it in the morning and comes out normal <120/80. \nBut when I measure it during the day or at evening it comes elevated such as (135-150 )/(90-105).\nIs this something I have to worry about?\nBesides, every time I measure it it comes very high the first and second round of measuring, then I wait one minute and measure for third time , and that is what I am referring so all numbers I provided are based on the third time in  a row one.\nPlease help.\nThanks\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nadvertisement:", "title": "I\u2019m concerned about my elevated blood pressure?"}
{"text": "My wife is 42 y/o and has had 3 C- sections and  her tonsils removed. Other than that, not much else. Over the past several months a condition that she is suffering from has worsened to where she almost can\u2019t eat and sometimes can\u2019t drink water without choking. Not sure if this is a chiropractic issue an ear, nose and throat thing. She is starving to death and without medical insurance will likely end up dead", "title": "My wife is not eating, without medical insurance will likely end up dead?"}
{"text": "I need advise around the issues my mother is facing. She is 58 year old, and off late she has starting mentioning a lot of issues she is facing. I am unsure whom to consult i.e. Physician, Psychologist or some other specialist.1) She feels heaviness around her chest area, and, feels a lot anxious. Its like a sudden anxious feeling.\n2) She feels claustrophobic if she is in a car, or the door is closed.\n3) She doesn\u2019t like being alone.\n4) She has lost appetite.\n5) Her mood is down.\n6) She feels lethargic and unable to sleep.As per her, she is depressed, and the physician that we consulted, he gave her depression medicines, along with a medicine to normalize her heart beat which is on higher side, and multi vitamins.As per him, the heart best is higher because of anxiety/depression. She feels a lot lethargic and unable to sleep. And, we don\u2019t want her to be dependent on depression medicines which are mostly unhealthy.Please suggest what direction should we take from here", "title": "My mother feels anxious, claustrophobic, lost appetite and lethargic?"}
{"text": "I am a 23 year old female and have experienced headache/ migraine at least 3 days a week for the past 5 years. I got the depo provera shot at 18 and only completed 2/3 in the series. I had unbearable headaches daily and could not exercise. I smoked illegal substances for 4 years and quit 4 months ago. I cut out caffeine completely, yet, I still get headaches almost daily. My GP told me to eat a balanced diet, exercise and drink water regularly. I am a full time student so I look at white boards/ phone/ computers at least 5 hours a day. I get dizzy, tunnel vision, and sometimes nauseous. I only use albuterol when needed. Recently, I saw an optometrist at Walmart and told her about my light sensitivity. She concluded that I have 20/20 vision, but prescribed me a light prescription for glasses (+.25 and +.50-.50 x 017). I started wearing them less than 24 hours ago and it has given me a massive headache. I can see when I focus, but when I am driving (need to look around quickly) I get dizzy and have a headache for over 6 hours. I take the glasses off, and it takes my vision a good 10 minutes to return to normal.I am very frustrated and in pain and will be working 32 hours of clinicals all of 2017 and cannot risk having daily headache/ migraine while I am trying to learn and earn my degree", "title": "I have experienced headache/ migraine at least 3 days a week for the past 5 years?"}
{"text": "I have an upper hernia and I am 51 years old I have had this problem for a while now I can usually push it back in but it pops right back out and it hurts at what point do I need to go to the emergency room to have emergency surgery because I don\u2019t have insurance at this time.\nPlease Help", "title": "I have an upper hernia, I can usually push it back in but it pops right back out?"}
{"text": "Hello .\nI don\u2019t know if you can help me. I have a bit of a strange question I was hoping to receive some advice about.\nI apologize if it seems a bit random.\nI have a disposable camera which I have kept in my bedside drawer for years and years and never got it developed. I noticed today that inside the flash compartment it looks wet and on the outer casing where it joins I think there are wet small patches.i just feel concerned as I\u2019m not sure if it is leaked from an old battery inside or another substance that might be toxic.i read online that battery acid is carcinogenic and it just concerns me that with it being in my drawer for years this substance could have been repeatedly getting on my clothes. My worry is that I breastfeed my baby so I\u2019m more concerned for her if she has come into contact with this on her mouth or anything as my bras are in this drawer and that it could be a repeated exposure.\nIs there any advice you can give me on this as my big fear is something like this causing cancer ,\nMany thanks", "title": "I breastfeed my baby, worried that my  exposure to battery acid may be harmful to me and my baby?"}
{"text": "42-year-old white (Welsh, English, Irish, Dutch, Bavarian, Native American) male and a little overweight. I would like to do something about a chronic headache I\u2019ve had for the past 16 years. Ideally accomplished without pharmaceuticals and/or surgery. Pain detail: The chronic headache began following an eye laceration, which also caused a detached retina. Rendering eye permanently dilated & blinded, with a cataract. Pain is concentrated in two areas 1) surrounding the injured right eye extending to the temple/forehead and 2) arcing above & behind the left ear. I would rate the pain as never being less than 4 (on a 1-10 point scale) and a few times a week rating upwards to 7-9.Diet: About 1500-2500 kcal daily, consisting of mostly fruits, vegetables, breads, beans, cheeses, olive oil, some desserts (cake, pie, ice cream). About 6 ounces of meat per week, over the past 10 years. Beverages: between 20-to-200 ounces a day, depending on thrist/activity, consisting of approximately 90% water, 8% milk, 2% juice. Haven\u2019t consumed any carbonated beverages for the past 13 years.\nNever had a drink of an alcoholic beverage.\nNever consumed any  type of tobacco product.\nNever used any illegal/illicit drugs.Medication: 3 instances this past year I took OTC acetaminophen, out of frustration. Which provided no relief, not even psychologically.When I had eye surgery, I was prescribed a pain reliever, however I didn\u2019t take it, because the pain 1) wasn\u2019t worse than my headache and 2) it provided no relief.Unrelated Medical issues: ?intestinal hernia? (undiagnosed) since I was 14 and a torn knee ligament", "title": "I have a chronic headache following an eye laceration, which caused a detached retina?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor ;\nMy name is (\u2026) and i would be grateful if u can read my case and give an advice .First I\u2019ve been suffering from very hard persistent re flux with or without eating  for almost like one year and maybe more , i did an endoscopy a year ago and it showed h.pyloi , then i was prescribed the triple therapy and i repeated it twice cause the pain was still there and wasnt gone .Then i finished the course i kept on taking a lot of proton pump inhibitors shifting from one to another without any progress in my condition , it was actually getting worse .\nIv been in this for like more than one year i got so frustrated because feeling nothing is working and on the other side fearing my condition might get more worse or develop cancer as a result of prolonged re flux all the time with or without eating .\nSo i would be grateful to hear your advice please", "title": "I\u2019ve been suffering from very hard persistent re flux with or without eating  for almost like one year?"}
{"text": "I am a 21 year old female, previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder that is occasionally accompanied by symptoms similar to psychosis, though missing several of the common symptoms associated. Recently, I have developed a muscle spasm that resembles a tic along my right arm. The entire arm is effected, usually starting in either my hand or my shoulder. I can supress the sensation, which is remarkably similar to a body rush, but it always ends in some form of spasm. It seems that it strikes at random, sometimes hitting during times of stress, while at other times there is not a major stressor to be identified. I have never had a problem with twitches, tics, or any similar conditions.What does this sound like to you", "title": "I am a 21 year old female, previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder,  I have developed a muscle spasm that resembles a tic along my right arm?"}
{"text": "No medical problems, 20 years old and active military lifestyle. I\u2019m not sure what this is, it started smaller and I\u2019ve noticed it\u2019s gotten almost twice as big as it started. The skin is indented in and the \u201cscab\u201d like thing over it is as hard as a rock. I can\u2019t for the life of me figure out what it is. It\u2019s on my ar", "title": "I have a growth on skin,  it is indented in and the \u201cscab\u201d like thing over it is as hard as a rock"}
{"text": "I am an 23 year old female. I have poly cystic ovary syndrome and Bipolar. I have been having a headache for two weeks now, not gone away since, just sometimes it is severe, but always there. Not even pain killers or sinus pills are working. In the beginning my eyes lost focus, but that is not the case anymore. I am on Qlaira, Epitec and Fluanxo", "title": "I have been having a headache for two weeks now, Not even pain killers or sinus pills are working?"}
{"text": "I am a 59 year old male, generally in good health. I take Celexa for panic attacks, Coversyl for slightly high blood pressure and Ranitidine for GERD. I went to the doctor a couple of days ago with a sore stomach. The pain was in the upper abdomen right where the center of the breast bone meets the abdomen. It seemed like it was the muscle that was sore, but occasionally the pain spread down and up to the center of the chest. I still had a few Nexium pills from a previous flair up so I started taking them again before going to the doctor. It seemed to be helping, so upon talking with me about my symptoms, he figured it was another flair up and gave me a prescription for more Nexium. I have been taking the Nexium for 4 days and it does seem to help, but not by much. How long does it take and is there anything else I can do to ease the pain when it comes on", "title": "I have a sore stomach, taking Nexium,  is there anything else I can do to ease the pain?"}
{"text": "32 yrs old female. Take bentyl zofran phenergean estradial omeprazole and cymbalta. For 3 months now i have had severe nausea. Cant hold anything down. Been throwing up dark string like stuff and dark brown thick mucous like stuff. Have diarrhea constantly. Have to urinate at least 50 times a day but most times it isnt much. Have severe sharp stabbing pain in lower left abdomen and dull achy pain in lower back on left side. Been to numeeous ers but have had drs lie straight to my face or just not tell me anything bc i dont have insurance. I have a history of acid reflux and colitis and uti and kidney stones. I have also had an ovarian tumor in same location as pain removed and then had a total hysterectomy bc of infections from original surgery and have had gallbladder removed. Have had one problem after another since", "title": "For 3 months now I have had severe nausea. Cant hold anything down?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m a 20 year old female, a couple days ago I woke up to numbness and tingles from the waist down from my butt to pelvic area and to my left leg and foot, I thought it was from a lot of walking the day before but it\u2019s been almost a week now and I don\u2019t kno", "title": "I woke up to numbness and tingles from the waist down, it\u2019s been almost a week now?"}
{"text": "I am 31 years single living female. I am suffering with low back pain  since last three years .if I stand or doing any thing for 15 minutes then I am unable to bend my waist .since three year I am not feeling well even though I am using prescribe pain killer and taking rest.now I am feeling maximum time the circulation of blood in my hand and leg became jam and feeling loss of sensation.feeling dazzyness and sleeps deeply.\n     I am suffering with synose problem.my B.P is normal CBC is okay thyroid nil sugar normal.\n   I have been using painkillers and vitamin s and taking rest as per advice of doctors.\n  Though I was used painkillers but I have no prescription as I am not using the medicines now due to non development in my conditions", "title": "I am suffering with low back pain  since last three years, following doctor advice, but no development?"}
{"text": "Hi I am 23 year old female , with a recently resolved heart issue of paroxysmal atrial tachycardia , which was solved with cardiac catheter ablation. I thought that would fix me feeling not well and it\u2019s helped but I still frequently feel sick. I suffer from fatigue, frequent urination (up in the night at least twice always) as well I have had two previous incidents of passing out. The one I was sitting and my mother described as me slouching over and my limbs going straight and shaking. I went to the hospital but once I levelled out they discharged me with no real answer. I have always had to eat frequently to not get dizzy but now it\u2019s more extreme. Like every two hrs or so . I have to eat and drink a lot of water. As well I have lately had more instances of throwing up and feeling nauseous for no real reason. I am a very skinny person for the most part. I am 5\u2032 3\u2033 and 99lbs and this is despite eating a lot. I would really like some ideas on what might make me feel this awful. Thank you", "title": "I had heart issue \u2013 paroxysmal atrial tachycardia , which was solved with cardiac catheter ablation, now not feeling well?"}
{"text": "I am 27 years old, white and female. I am 5\u20199 and 215lbs. No prior history of surger. History of 2 vaginal births with epidural both times. Family History of Lung cancer, skin cancer, breast cancer, CHF, diabetes, heart attack, COPD, degenerative back disease, and color cancer.  I began suffering with tailbone pain without injury approximately 5 months ago. I cannot sit for long periods of time. I have no pain when standing, walking or while lying down. I do have the mirena and it was placed approximately 2 1/2 years ago. I have also experienced fatigue, increased appetite, and memory fog since having the mirena placed.  Could my mirena be causing my back pain", "title": "I began suffering with tailbone pain without injury approximately 5 months ago, could it be my mirena?"}
{"text": "I am currently 8 months pregnant and taking Valtrex for suppression of herpes. I want to breastfeed after my baby is born, is this safe or how long should I wait after I stop taking Valtrex to nurse", "title": "I am pregnant,  how long should I wait after I stop taking Valtrex to nurse?"}
{"text": "HiMy daughter has cutis marmorata our GP thinks. She is very embarrassed about it and it shows no signs of fading. She is 12. Is there a treatment for it? Or cover up make up", "title": "My daughter has cutis marmorata, Is there a treatment for it? Or cover up make up?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctor,I am a 23 year old female who had a cyst removed on my neck in August but had been prescribed 3 antibitotics since May. I was diagnosed with a C Diff Infection on 11/5 and prescribed Metronidazole 500 mg. 3x/day for 10 days. I am on day 9 and having the following symptoms:\n\u2022\tPartially floating green soft stool very foul smell\n\u2022\tNausea\n\u2022\tWeak, light headed, fatigue\n\u2022\tTrouble sleeping\n\u2022\tMild stomach pain\n\u2022\tNeck, shoulder, back pain\n\u2022\tAwful headache yesterday\n\u2022\tAnxious and emotional\nIs it just side effects of the medication and remaining symptoms of the C Diff or should I be alarmed", "title": "I had a cyst removed on my neck, I was diagnosed with a C Diff Infection"}
{"text": "My 17.5 yo son had Henoch-Schonlein Purpura (HSP) 3.5 years ago. 2 weeks ago he had a cold and immediately afterwards developed severe joint pain, so bad he can hardly walk & occasionally abdominal pain & nausea. no rash.\nIs it possible that this is a recurrence of hsp without the rash? How can we check out what\u2019s going on?\nBlood test seems normal, no blood in urine. protein in urine is 10 mg/dl.\nWill appreciate your advice. Thanks a lot", "title": "My 17.5 yo son had Henoch-Schonlein Purpura (HSP), developed severe joint pain, so bad he can hardly walk?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 20 years old and I am married to the man I have been with for 6 years.\nWe have been trying to have a baby for over 2 years now and nothing is happening, beforehand we have never used protection and still never any pregnancies. He has been tested by his gp and he is clear, my periods have not been normal ever since I started my periods. I have no other medical requirements, and I have had blood tests and I am fine apart from my bones was still growing but nothing to worry about as I\u2019m still young.\nI need answers, i am not exactly happy with the thought of going to hospital to actually get tested as I\u2019ve already heard what happens. Please please help me, we want to have our own family", "title": "We have been trying to have a baby for over 2 years now and nothing is happening?"}
{"text": "I need an opinion I have been to several doctors about my skin rash and nothing has worked to resolve it. I\u2019ve tried Benadryl steroids antibiotics. Creams. Peroxide . It stings. I\u2019m so miserable . It\u2019s getting worse . The emergency room doctor said it wasnt contagious but I am so distraught may I please get your opinion I have went to doctors in Missouri and Utah . I just want advice. I am a 25 yr old femal", "title": "I have been to several doctors about my skin rash and nothing has worked to resolve it?"}
{"text": "Female 23 no medical history .. I have the nexplenon birth control had it for about 2 yrs. I have been on my period since the beginning of October I\u2019m in pain and its very very heavy I take advil to help but I am very worried why it hasn\u2019t stopped as to we are half way there November and yesterday I was in a lot of pain .. when it took a bath it was a lot of blood dripping not nothing like the norm . I also have some stabing pain in what I think is my abdomen an feel so weak at times and have had some nausea and light headed", "title": "I have the nexplenon birth control, I\u2019m in pain?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m hoping some one can help me as the problem I have I have seen many doctors but still no answers, I\u2019m 37 year old woman and since my early 20,s I began to suffer from pain in my left shoulder when I left school I worked in a care home lifting constantly a lot of heavy patients! I had to leave as my pain was constant I then had surgery on the left shoulder I think they shaved the bone, from then on the pain I was able to tolerate but it was always there and would increase if I done anything such as lifting etc. I now work as a technician in a pharmacy and have been there 15 years I spend most of my working day standing at a computer , then 3 years ago for about a week at work I was in a lot of pain starting at my neck and traveling down my arm when I finished my shift at the end of the week I had a funny turn where the pain was so bad my whole left side just went numb and my left side of my face just dropped I was with my Mam at the time and she thought I was having a stroke, I was admitted into hospital for a few days but the doctors were baffled as I had a mri scan and nothing showed up so they couldn\u2019t explain my symptoms i was discharged and put on baclofen tablets and had physio after about 3 months I was back to normal though the pain remained in the neck and shoulder, i returned to work only for it to happen again, however what was happening was when the pain got so bad in my neck my face would droop again and it was like a spasm my whole left side just goes, I got sent to a neurologist who said he didn\u2019t believe it\u2019s anything neurological then got refered to the pain clinic in this time I keep telling the docs that the spasms and my face only drops when I\u2019m in serious pain but they just keep dismissing this as they say it\u2019s not connected! The consultant at the pain clinic also sent me for a mri scan and X-ray yet nothing is showing up, one weekend I was in so much pain I paid to go to see a osteopath on examination he said I have no muscle in my left side it\u2019s worn away and which I already know when u look at me from the front there is a big difference in my shoulders my left one is lower down. When I went back to the consultant I told him what the osteopath said and he then examined me and said yes u have a droop in your left shoulder and your spine is curved, he is going to try me on some new tablets called tapentadol other then that he can\u2019t do anything for me! He\u2019s done what he can and I appreciate that but I\u2019m still left in pain and having these spasms and I have no answers! The physio I once saw said its just arthritis another doc suggested focal dystonia, I just feel like the surely has to be an explanation for my symptoms I hope u can help thank yo", "title": "I have seen many doctors but still no answers, droop in left shoulder and spine curved?"}
{"text": "Hello..I am a 46 year old mother. I am about 50 pounds overweight but no medical concerns or problems. I am on no medication.  For about 2 weeks I have experienced numbness on my right thigh that has been bothersome but not too painful.  Yesterday morning I woke in excruciating pain in my left thigh the. Within an hour after I got up my whole left leg stopped working.  I cannot move it at all. I can\u2019t raise it, slide it..I can\u2019t move it at all. It\u2019s not locked in place it\u2019s just\u2026.there.  painfully there.  Constant pain, not cramping. I cannot put pressure on it at all cause it buckles with just the slightest pressure.  Should I go have this checked or should I wait to see if it will resolve on its own..it\u2019s been a day and a half and no change yet", "title": "Yesterday morning I woke in excruciating pain in my left thigh, now cannot move my leg at all?"}
{"text": "Hi, I suffer from a neurological disease (CMT disease) and one of my symptoms is foot drop. I\u2019ve tried all kinds of braces to help walk but find them all uncomfortable. I was wondering if getting my ankle fused would help with my foot drop and keep my foot lifted to walk properly without a brace? I also wanted to know about getting my big toe \u201cpinned\u201d because my toe also drops and is a problem when walking. Would pinning it keep it from dropping? Thanks", "title": "I suffer from a neurological disease (CMT disease), if I get my ankle fused would I walk properly?"}
{"text": "Nearly a year ago, (where I suffered a head injury) I was in a bad car accident.. since then, I commonly feel completely different. I often feel like a completely person than I was before the wreck. I have horrible headaches commonly, as well as a shift of attitude and mood changes. I also struggle from short term memory loss. I feel so depressed, I\u2019ve never been like this before.", "title": "I was in a bad car accident.. since then, I commonly feel completely different?"}
{"text": "My 10yr old son has patches on his back and stomach. It may be ring worms, not sure. He has had ring worm before on his leg that looked similar. The patches are dry and sometimes it itches. His barber noticed 2 patches after he gave him a hair cut. What do you think? Attaching a phot", "title": "My 10yr old son has patches on his back and stomach. It may be ring worms?"}
{"text": "21, Male. I am a junior in college and am currently at school and just feel like I have been sick with colds for most of the semester. This has easily been the most academically challenging semester of my college career, and with that came a lot of stress and anxiety (I do feel like i suffer from some form of anxiety). In late August I caught strep throat, as it was going around a lot on campus. Since that I have had bronchitis in September (which cleared up in a few weeks) and after that have just been dealing with minor colds (stuffy nose, slight cough, minor scratchy throat). Once once cold seems to be dissipating, it seems to either come back or a new one comes in. In general I feel like a healthy person, as I am not overweight, however, I do not eat super healthy and because of my immense school work I do not get much exercise. I do live in an apartment with 3 other guys, and the house isn\u2019t always the cleanest, but they don\u2019t seem to be suffering. I don\u2019t really suffer form allergies, and I know my colds aren\u2019t allergies because the phlegm is yellow/green. I am NOT sexually active. Do drink probably once a week, but am not a smoker. I feel like I have overworked myself this semester and have been constantly stressed, and having constant runny noses and slight coughs isn\u2019t helping, especially with my anxiety. Need answers", "title": "I have been sick with colds, strep throat,bronchitis most of the semester?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 20 year old female. I\u2019ve got bulimia and I\u2019m on lamictal for bipolar disorder. Three days ago I felt like i had a hair stuck at the back of my throat and it was like I couldn\u2019t get rid of it, then I noticed right at the back of my tongue I have about 6/7 (I can\u2019t see exactly how many as I have to poke my tongue right out) little mushroom looking lumps. They\u2019re not sore or painful just irritating. My bulimia is really bad at the moment and i\u2019ve been sick a lot so I\u2019m wondering if it\u2019s connected", "title": "I\u2019ve got bulimia and I\u2019m on lamictal for bipolar disorder, I now have mushroom looking lumps on my tongue?"}
{"text": "82 year old male suffers from gastric ulcers since more than thirty years, he was under Zantac tablets for couple of years then he stopped treatment after three years from treatment. Before eight years (2008) his gastric ulcers has been diagnosed by upper gastric endoscopy and biopsy has been taken resulting in positive gastric lymphoma, he went under chemotherapy teatment for eight sessions, Cortisone and Nexium tablets (20mg) has been given after that. He continued till now on Nexium (40mg). He was completely healthy after chemotherapy and practiced his life normally (driving, walking, \u2026 etc). Endoscopy has been made after six months of the recovery which resulted in  healing sign of fibrosis in the stomach wall. He was regularly following up by making x-Rays, blood tests, endoscopes \u2026 etc. He was fine till 2016 January, they made for him endoscopy (fasting 6 hours) but they repeated it three times because always they say that there is indigested food in the stomach, finally after fasting twelve hours they succeeded in the endoscopy and the result was fine showing same healing sign of fibrosis in the stomach wall. After that he started losing weight gradually from 105 kegs to 45 kegs now between the period 2016 January up-to-date.\nLast month he suffered from severe hypotension with fluctuated readings (100/60, 90/55, 80/40, 60/20 \u2026 ) with lack of knowing the exact reason, doctors told him to eat salty food; it worked fine for short period of time then he suffered again from hypotension, they said he is suffering from adrenal insufficiency (Addison\u2019s disease) and anemia; they gave him blood tonics, parental hydrocortisone, and Florine F 0.1 then continued on tablets of twice daily for couple of days, no improvement. Kidneys tested by specialist and monitored since creatinine was fluctuating from 1.5 \u2013 2.5. After five days from taking Hydrocortisone tablets he collapsed, lost consciousness, his heart stopped for eight minutes and finally rescued. He recovered partially from the problems and now he is taking parental Norepinephrine, Bramox tablets (Midodrine 20 mg x 3 times a day), Hydrocortisone tablets twice daily.\nPacemaker was described for him by cardiologist and it was fixed to regulate the pulse rate and it was done successfully. Cardiologists did echo and moga scans and reported ejection fraction (60%), (Normal).\nWhenever Norepinephrine dose is reduced hypotension occurs, the dose varies from (0.25-2-4-10-16mcg). Hemoglobin was down as parallel sign from 14 to 7, blood tonics tablets were given without any improvement, blood units (5 till now) has been given to him and Hemoglobin still fluctuating from (7-10).\nIn addition to all mentioned he is having lung fusion and liquids are removed on regular basis, cultures shoed no malignancy on cytology testing. CT scan was done and it was clear of any tumor cells. Colorless material was used in CT scan. Culture test for water in the lungs was normal. Total water removed was about 7 liter and still forming.\nAlso positive Candida albicans in the lungs and he is receiving parental antibiotics. Now he is unconscious from Yesterday, he wakes up few minutes and then sleeps without movements of hands or legs.Conclusion: The doctors in the hospital have no tentative diagnosis only they say that it is autoimmune neuropathy, and there is no test confirmed abnormality in heart or any other organs, also no confirmation of metastasis or recurrence for tumor. Clinically the patient is in fully conscious, can move his legs, hands, head, and can remember everything but can\u2019t stan", "title": "82 year old male fully conscious but can\u2019t stand up, doctors have no diagnosis except autoimmune neuropathy?"}
{"text": "Hello,  I have a question about  results of a Bone Marrow Aspirate and Biopsy  to  \u2018rule out myleoproliferative disorder\u2019. I am a 61 year old Caucasian female. My  \u2018Bone Marrow Final Report\u2019  stated  \u2018suspicious for a myleoproliferative neoplasm\u2019; Flow Cytometry reported \u2018no evidence of a lymphoproliferative disorder / suggest clinical morphologic correlation\u2019.Are \u201cneoplasm\u201d and \u201cdisorder\u201d used interchangeably?\nAre \u201cmyleoproliferative\u201d and \u201clymphoproliferative\u201d  used interchangeably?Thank You", "title": "My  \u2018Bone Marrow Final Report\u2019  stated  \u2018suspicious for a myleoproliferative neoplasm\u2019; Flow Cytometry reported \u2018no evidence of a lymphoproliferative disorder / suggest clinical morphologic correlation\u2019?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) male, I\u2019m 33 years old, live in lagos nigeria. 18years ago i was diagnose with RP retinitis pigmentosa. this was a big blow to me, my eyes is getting deteriorating each passing day. i was told it as no cure! please i need your help and advice because i dont wanna go blind. thanks", "title": "I was diagnosed with RP retinitis pigmentosa, I need your help because I don\u2019t want to go blind?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 38 year old female. Since September I\u2019ve been having terrible heart palpitations. A couple of times I ended up in the ER because I couldn\u2019t get them to stop. They leave me weak, nauseous, and very scared. I\u2019ve had an echocardiogram done (showed a small amount of fluid around me heart that they aren\u2019t worried about), a Holter Monitor (showed sinus tachycardia and occassional PACs/PVCs), lots of bloodwork (everything is normal), and a ton of EKGs. I\u2019ve been put on a 40mg of Inderal twice a day, magnesium, fish oil, and Ativan as I\u2019m being told anxiety plays a part. The only thing I\u2019m anxious about are these episodes! Nothing is helping and Saturday night I was back in the ER after almost blacking out due to my heart going crazy for over 30 seconds. Today I still feel fatigued, weak, and nauseous with a bit of chest pain. I can\u2019t even eat anything. Please help me. It seems like no one is taking me seriously. this can\u2019t be \u201cnormal and perfectly harmless\u201d like they are saying", "title": "I\u2019ve been having terrible heart palpitations, ended up in the ER, Please help me?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 34 years old and was treated with radiation and chemo 2 years ago for stage 4b2 cervical and haven\u2019t had a menstrual cycle since as expected. Went through all the changes my gyn/onc explained. Then a week ago I began bleeding again. I just last month a a clean exam and pet scan. Is  it possible my ovaries weren\u2019t completely fried and I\u2019m ovulating again", "title": "I had radiation therapy and chemotherapy  for stage 4b2 cervical cancer, Is  it possible my ovaries weren\u2019t completely fried and I\u2019m ovulating again?"}
{"text": "I am a 25-year-old female and rarely have medical issues. However, I have been experiencing bad abdominal pain and constipation for two weeks now. On my third trip to the doctor, they finally did x-rays and determined that I have an ileus- \u201cErect and supine AP views of the abdomen and pelvis demonstrates no evidence of bowel obstruction or free intraperitoneal gas. There is a mildly dilated single loop of small bowel within the right flank. There is no calcific or osseous abnormality detected. A mild central small bowel ileus is suspected. Constipation is also noted.\u201d My doctor referred me to a GI specialist and told me to go on a liquid diet for two days to clear up the pain. She also recommended taking daily laxatives. It has been five days and despite the liquid diet and laxatives, the pain and discomfort is persisting. It is especially bad in my lower left abdomen and lower back. The specialist cannot see me until Dec 20th. I cannot continue with a liquid diet and daily laxatives because they make me worse (weak, shaky, tired). What should I do", "title": "I had an x-ray and doctor determined that I have an ileus, the pain and discomfort is persisting?"}
{"text": "female age 55, overweight, smoker, colitis, no surgeries, OTC Zantac, Excedrin, multi vitamins, Fish Oil, and for 24 hrs taken garlic and goldenseal by mouth. Slightly warm off and on, headache, backache, nausea, just feel kinda crumby. Third day since scratches on left breast from ferrel cat we had taken in last 2 weeks while she gave birth so shed be safe.Wash it numerous times daily w/soap n water and apply neosporin by day and pure honey by night. Scratches were looking pretty good but tonight very red and several tiny oozing spots with a red blood blister in between the scratches which go up and down my left breast. No insurance or money hate to go to ER but wonder if I should. No tetanus shot for 37 years. have 4 teenage kids. health is fair. allergic to all cillins, keflex, eurethromyasin, codeine. Cellulitis in rt. ankle from tattoo ink last year never healed still large nodule over area despite 10 days of antibiotics", "title": "Red blisters from cat scratch and cellulitis in ankle not healing?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor,\nMy name is (\u2026), i have been suffering with high blood pressure, my blood pressure some time elevate to 150/90. i am software engineer by profession, i notice for more then 1 month, i have headache while i am working on front of computer in office, then i go to pharmacy and they check my blood pressure, they told me your blood pressure is 150/90. then i take one pill of capoten to lower my bp, i don\u2019t know why my bp get elevated even if i am doing 5k running daily, eating fruits and vegetables. i am taking low salt in my meal also. i went to doctor. doctor told me in young age as i am 29 there is only reason your blood pressure get elevated that is because of high cholesterol, he told me to test your cholesterol level. next morning in empty stomach i went to laboratory and they take my blood sample and after few hours i get the report my total colestrol level is 133 mg/dl which is in normal range now doctor suggest me to take one pill of lophrin 75mg in morning after breakfast. i wanted to ask here one question that do i need to take lophrin pill in young age or not and also why my blood pressure get elevated to 150/90 even i do lifestyle changesRegards,(\u2026", "title": "I\u2019m 29 years old and suffering with high blood pressure, taking Capoten and Lophrin?"}
{"text": "After 1 week living again here in davao, when i woke up in the morning i have this soar throat and a dry cough, then after that i had a fever for 3 days because i just use a home treatment style.  i use strepsils to take off my soar throat and when my fever and soar throat has gone my dry cough remained. then after 1 week i just noticed that after i coughed and spit my saliva i saw or observed a small amount of blood like a 1 droplet of blood then i continues observing it by coughing then spitting it and when i drank more water because i got nervous of having that kind of symptoms the blood on my spit had gone when i cough again and spit. Then in the next morning again it repeated the same, that\u2019s why in the next morning i visit my doctor here in davao together with an xray and suptum test there were all normals. But the give me the first kind of antibiotics to take off my cough, it was CO-AMOXICLAV for 7 days twice a day and a medicine for tkaing out the phlegm but i forgot the name of that medicine, and it was for 5 days twice a day. After taking all those recommended medicines my cough did\u2019t gone. That\u2019s why i visit again my doctor after 1 week training, and again they recommended me another kind of antibiotics and it AZITHROMYCIN for 3 days once a day, and for disolning phlegm for 5 days. And jsut like the same i finished taking those medicines but my cough still remained, that\u2019s why my mother decided to bring me to the hospital because it was almost a month of having a cough then they adviceme to take another xray and sputum test and recommend me to take IMMUNOMAX and CETEREZINE i think. And after the result of the xray it was a bad result because i had a bilateral pneumonia and it can also be a tubercolosis ( TB ) but when they forward me to the TBDC department they told me that it was a pneumonia coz my sputum test is normal. That\u2019s why they ddnt recommended me for another medicine and my father advice me to take a morning jogging and walking for about one hour and drink boiled ginger with calamansi for every taking meals. And he forwarded me to the organic doctors and the doctor recommended me to take virgin coconut oil and a droplets of combination of BERBERIS, HEPAR and TRAUMEEL, and she also told me to take 1000mg of vitamin c everyday, then after a week of taking that i my body losses energy or my body got weak and everytime i take a meal i feel like vomiting it but i ddn\u2019t have any head ache that time that\u2019s why my mother bring me to the nearest hospital in our home and that was last friday evening and the doctor recommended me another antibiotics and it was CEFIXIME for 7 days and once a day, and for cough medicine for 7 days twice a day to take, and the doctor told me that my CBC, URINALYSIS, CREA and XRAYS are all normals, and today is my 4th day of taking those medicines and my cough is still remaining , but i also observed that i just had a cough everytime i woke up, and after taking my meal. And i had this chest pain and back pain everytime i cough or breathe big. And another thing is that i dont know if i spitted a mucus coz everytime i cough and spit it out it is just like a saliva.", "title": "I have cough, pneumonia, taking antibiotics, cough doesn\u2019t go away?"}
{"text": "I have an ecg report saying Borderline ECG with following detailsECG report\nNormal Sinus rhythm\nRSR or QR pattern in V1 suggests right ventricular conduction delay\nBorderline ECGI am 27 year old male and in my family no one have any heart disease and neither I have any. Now due to some past incidences in last 3-4 months I was in stress and almost on 0 exercise. I am feeling some chest pain both the sides for some time in a day since last week. I am trying to come back to normal routine of exercising but still I thought to consult a doctor who took this ECG report and asked for number of other reports which on basis of it. I am not sure if I go ahead with further checkups or is this normal", "title": "I have chest pain, I have an ecg report saying Borderline ECG?"}
{"text": "19, Female, Medical History Clear. I have a very swollen and painful finger. I cannot move any of the joints. It is all green around the finger nail and above near the cuticle area it\u2019s like there\u2019s an abscess or something\u2026I don\u2019t want to lose my finger or anything; I\u2019m terrified! Just need some advice.", "title": "I have a very swollen and painful finger. I cannot move any of the joints?"}
{"text": "I am a 31 year old female, I have had 2 previous discectomy operations at L/45 in 2011 and L3/4 in 2014 with a known slight herniation back on L4/5 on my last MRI scan in February. I am currently in severe pain in my lower back with is painful to touch around disc area. I have pain in my buttocks, ankle and underfoot, I get pins and needles and have lost all feeling in my right leg 3 times in the last 2 months. Also my urine is coming out extremely slow. Some advice would be much appreciate", "title": "I had 2 previous discectomy operations, I am currently in severe pain in my lower back?"}
{"text": "I have a bulged disc in my back. Lumbar region, L4 and L5 to be exact\u2026 I\u2019ve been dealing with extremely bad flare ups for 2 years now. Every time I go to the ER they just pump me with narcotic pain medication and send me home. They say because I am 18 there is nothing they can do, but keep me on gabapentin and anti-flammitories I have tried physio therapy, inversion tables, exercise. I don\u2019t know what to do anymore, I need advice on what to do to take this into my own hands", "title": "I have a bulged disc in my back. Lumbar region, L4 and L5, I don\u2019t know what to do anymore?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nI am a 30 years old woman. I had no health concerns previously. A week ago I had a medical abortion. It was ok at first but two days ago I started having numb legs and arms, fainting and breathing problems. I don\u2019t know if these are normal symptoms? Should I be worried?\nPlease help\nThank yo", "title": "A week ago I had a medical abortion, two days ago I started having numb legs and arms?"}
{"text": "My grandpa is on a whole bunch of drugs already. One being Mirtazapine for his constant worry. A week ago his doctor gave him Budeprion XL to enhance the Mirtazapine. Immediately with in a couple days it had side effects and he called in the middle of the night not knowing where he was. 2 nights ago he called at 11:30 at night looking for my grandmother that passed 2 years ago and last night when we called saying we were coming over, he said he was getting ready for breakfast. We called his doctor yesterday and he suggested that he continue with his new medicine for a few weeks to see if it starts to help with his anxiety, but I feel this is much more important to get him off of it. We pulled the pills from his pill tray last night and feel it is doing more harm than good. Please tell me what your opinion is", "title": "My grandpa is on a whole bunch of drugs already. One being Mirtazapine for his constant worry?"}
{"text": "I am a 35 year old male, non-smoker, healthy weight (6\u20191\u2033, about 195 pounds), with generally good health, had my last annual physical last February, and run 9-12 miles per week.  I generally eat food quickly, probably faster than I should.  I do have occasional heartburn, typically associated with stress, but nothing more severe than what a Tums doesn\u2019t handle.  I do not have any history of diagnosed gastrointestinal problems.  Over the past month and a half or so, I\u2019ve had the flu, then either two or three colds.  I\u2019m mostly over everything but still have some post-nasal drainage, which is slowly going away.  My concern is that every now and then, bigger bites of food if I\u2019m rushing to eat seem to get \u201cstuck\u201d without a sip of water, which has been more noticeable (I think) since I\u2019ve had the post-nasal drip.  It\u2019s once food feels to be around the level of the base of my throat, and there\u2019s no airway issue.  If it happens, after a sip of water I can\u2019t replicate the feeling with another bite.  There are no other symptoms and no lasting symptoms.  If it\u2019s just me eating too fast and/or irritation of drainage, that\u2019s fine.  I just wanted to make sure I don\u2019t need to be seen to get checked out, since I don\u2019t remember this happening on any sort of regular basis before too long ago.  It seems that particularly worrisome esophageal disorders are very uncommon in my age/gender cohort, but I was hoping to get someone\u2019s opinion on this", "title": "Food if I\u2019m rushing to eat seems to get \u201cstuck\u201d without a sip of water? Is it a esophageal disorder?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m just wanting to know if a carbohydrate meal would increase pancreatic polypeptide release. I had this test done as part of a neuroendocrine tumor evaluation and the result was very high. I read online it should be done fasting but my doctor disagreed, and said only protein and exercise would change the result, not carbohydrates, however she is not a neuroendocrinologist. I called the office of a neuroendocrinologist to schedule a 2nd opinion and the nurse said the test has to be done completely fasting, and won\u2019t even schedule the consult until I have it done fasting, so I don\u2019t know what to think. The level was 2000 and this was about 20 minutes after eating a high carbohydrate meal, but no protein. I also have diabetes which is not perfectly controlled", "title": "I had neuroendocrine tumor evaluation, is it affected by an increase in pancreatic polypeptides?"}
{"text": "Hi.\nI am currently suffering with bad neck due to bad posture my doctor says! This has been for the last 10 weeks I am really suffering and spend most of my day lay on hard floor. I have been to see a osteopathy 3 times and I don\u2019t seem to be getting any better! This has traveled to my jaw on occasions. It\u2019s basically ruining my life. I am going on holiday in 4 weeks so now really worried I won\u2019t be able to travel as I can\u2019t sit down for very long. Is there anything that can help me? Painkillers of any strength do not work nor anti inflammator", "title": "I suffer from neck pain due to bad posture, Is there anything that can help me?"}
{"text": "I am a 29yo female who has had gastric sleeve surgery 2.5yrs ago and I have a some loose tummy skin, not much but enough to bother me. My queues this, is it worthwhile to get a minor tummy tuck when I\u2019ve never had children and do plan on it in the next few yrs", "title": "Is it worthwhile to get a minor tummy tuck, if I plan to have children?"}
{"text": "20 female. Swelling in the center of my lumbar spine above my buttocks. It is accompanied with back ache around the area or as you could say the part where your spine curves inwards. It feels like someone is putting pressure on my spine and it\u2019s going to snap. I also sometimes get the ache at the top of my spine just below my neck and a trapped nerve in between my shoulder blades", "title": "I suffer from swelling in the center of my lumbar spine above my buttocks, back ache, and spine pressure?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m a 25 year old female and for the last 10 months I\u2019ve suffered from chronic dizziness. I\u2019ve experienced tremor in my left hand \u2013 most noticeably in the little finger and finger besides that one \u2013 for about a year. I also have increasing fatigue, aching and burning muscles, pressure in my left ear, mild swelling on the left side of my face, blurred vision and tearing in the left eye, and increasing muscle weakness. Today I\u2019ve noticed the tremor has spread to my right hand, and I have an ongoing pulse-like spasm on the left side of my stomach, just below my belly button.  I\u2019ve been seeing a neurologist who believes I\u2019ve suffered from episodic ataxia type 2 all my life (I\u2019ve had vertigo attacks every 4 months since I was born). But as this kind of ataxia isn\u2019t degenerative he\u2019s struggling to understand what could be causing the rest of my symptoms. I\u2019ve had an MRI which was clear for lesions etc and they don\u2019t think it\u2019s MS, but I\u2019ve had to leave my job as I can no longer work a full day. I am now thoroughly miserable, and no-one can tell me what\u2019s damaging the nerves to such an extent that I\u2019m dizzy constantly, and the muscle weakness and fatigue are increasing \u2013 with particular pain in my neck and at the base of my skull. I\u2019ve had my thyroid tested in the standard tests, and a vitamin panel done, and that all seems normal \u2013 but I do have a benign nodule in my thyroid which showed up on an ultrasound I had taken of the left side of my face and neck. The doctors think that because my levels are normal though, this isn\u2019t the culprit. I\u2019m seeing my neurologist again next week but I want to come armed with some knowledge, because I have no idea where to look for next for answers. I feel like my life has been stolen away, and I just want a diagnosis. If any of these symptoms sound familiar to anyone, please get in touch and let me know. I just need to know where I should be looking \u2013 I know something has gone wrong in my body, I just don\u2019t know where! Many thanks in advance for your help", "title": "I\u2019ve suffered from episodic ataxia type 2 all my life?"}
{"text": "I party alot, drink and smoke weed. I am thinking of taking a hangover prevention pill. Just wondering\nif these work. Heard if you take a pill with your first drink, prevents any hangover the next day? I am 21, male. No medical conditions except headaches every so often. especially the morning after parties", "title": "I am thinking of taking a hangover prevention pill. Just wondering if these work?"}
{"text": "Im 31 year old female , divorced no childern , I have intramural fibroid , 13cm*9 cm , i discovered it accidentally last year  it was 11.5 cm * 8 cm , asymptotic . They advise me to follow up only .But for 2 weeks i start have both legs  mild pitting edema, more in right leg. With dull pain like legs pain which occur with period . I did renal function and it was normal. What could be the cause??", "title": "I have intramural fibroid , 13cm 9 cm, renal function OK. What could be the cause?"}
{"text": "62,Female-Hello, I think I may have a condition (muscle spasm) but I\u2019m not sure. I have chronic pain on the left side of my back that spreads to the left side of my stomach. It\u2019s painful (like needles puncturing),itchy,as well as,burns. What\u2019s interesting is that during the day, the pain isn\u2019t as bad as the night as I tend to try to soak up as much sunlight. The nights,however, are pretty bad. I\u2019ve tried heat/icing the area and massages. What also helps is apple cider vinegar (topical) as it is soothing. But the pain is chronic and U don\u2019t know why. Can you help to diagnose my condition,please", "title": "I have chronic pain on the left side of my back that spreads to the left side of my stomach?"}
{"text": "Age:20, Gender: Female\nI have asthma since the age 5.Please I need advice. Last week I started feeling sick it started with spitting mucus and a very mild sore throat, then in the morning I was completely sick. Major sore throat, headache, coughing mucus, wheezing while breathing, sinuses, nausea, vomiting and runny nose and watering mouth. Went to the doctor he said it was strep throat and gave me Cefdinir.. About two days later I was feeling way better. Everything was gone except the mucus which is still here until today and wheezing while breathing. So today I woke up and brushed my teeth felt some type of burnt-tongue sensation. I put my phone light and see tiny red bumps on the back of my tongue.. It has been two weeks now that I have lower right flank pain that comes and go. It is rarely accompanied with bloating. I have praying over and over to not have a std. I am in tears. I really need advice please.Here are the things that I have been doing:\n-I got into a car accident last month(whiplash maybe)\n-I drinked a lot of cayenne pepper mixed with a small amount of warm water with lemon the night before my small bumps on the tongue (if that can help)\n-I have had unprotected sex also", "title": "I have major sore throat, headache, coughing mucus, wheezing while breathing, sinuses, nausea, vomiting and runny nose and watering mouth?"}
{"text": "24, Female, is there a treatment for hyperglycemia. I\u2019ve seen two different doctors they tell me i have it but nothing about treatment besides change my diet and send me out the door. is there a way to treat this issue? i have done research that says it is borderline appetites", "title": "Is there a treatment for hyperglycemia?"}
{"text": "I am a 40 year old male. I am healthy and active and on no medications. I have been having right knee issues that come and go. The knee will occasionally catch, at which time a minor adjustment with my hand kind of unlocks the knee for free movement again, but this seems to cause some pain, swelling, and stiffness for the few days that follow the catching. The pain is pretty mild. I do jog and lift weights fairly often, but have not been putting the knee through too much stress. I am attaching an mri report that I had done a few days ago and will have to wait some time before seeing an ortho. I am at work full duty (police officer), but had the mri due to twisting my knee slightly at work recently, that again caused some tightness and swelling. Currently the swelling is down and it feels pretty good, but there is quite often kind of a bone on bone sensation when I walk. Looking for advice but most importantly, does this look like a report that will lead a dr to suggest surgery or are there less invasive ways to deal with this? Thank you", "title": "My knee will occasionally catch, at which time a minor adjustment with my hand kind of unlocks the knee?"}
{"text": "I am a 42 year old female. I have a history of migraines, high BP, high cholesterol, anxiety and insomnia. I woke up one morning with double vision (which I have never had before).   When i would look at simeone it was as if thwir duplicate was sitting right behind them. This lasted about 6 hours.  Ever since then I have been getting extreme dizzy spells, to the point I have to firmly grab something to keep from falling on my face. It\u2019s not a dizzy spell as in things seem to be moving when they are not, it is more like the entire room is spinning in a circle.  Like I feel like throwing up.  This happens when I\u2019m sitting, laying down, and not moving at all. It scares me because my mom died of an aneurysm at 48 and my grandmother had a stroke at 50. My vision seems to have gotten a little worse since then as well. I do have a history of migraines, but have not had one in quite a while. Any help as to what this might be", "title": "I woke up with double vision, extreme dizzy spells,  aneurysm in the family?"}
{"text": "I had surgery on my back all most four years ago \u2013 that surgery went great on the back \u2013 Got home started to get very high fever \u2013 rushed back to hospital for a week on heavy antibiotic. So for the last four years I have felt like I\u2019m being poisoned all the time \u2013 could not work at all for two and a half years because of my stomach \u2013 very consent diarrhea 15 to 20 times a day.\nSo they gave me a fecal transplant \u2013 it helped cut it to 8 to 10 times a day.\nStill feel like i\u201dm being poisoned still \u2013 and very tried all the time. So my Question is for the last four years the only time I felt normal is when I have a cold \u2013 other then the cold.\nWhat does your body go through to fight the cold that makes me feel better? I have seen many doctors even been down to Cleveland Clinic \u2013 No luck\nI did tell my doctor on Monday about me feeling better with a cold \u2013 the feeling of being poisoned goes away", "title": "I had surgery very high fever \u2013 rushed back to hospital feel like I\u2019m being poisoned ?"}
{"text": "46, female, no meds, hypothyroidism, laminectomy discectomy in 2009. Over the last year I have had small itchy bumps show up. I have a fatty type lump the size of a half Dollar show up on scalp, my feet and ankles itch severely, my wrists itch, if I walk too long I get swollen, if I use hands to long they get sore and swollen. These spots that show up on my body can range from pea sized to half Dollar size and they itch, burn, and are warm to touc", "title": "I have had small itchy bumps, size of a half Dollar on scalp, my feet and ankles?"}
{"text": "age 23\nfemale\nFilipino on Guam\ni\u2019m a 2nd year middle school teacher\nI take joint soother and ferrous sulfate prescribed by a doctor. The 2nd medication is only for when I have my period.My problem is I am always feeling fatigued in the late afternoon and evening, as if I am ready to fall asleep. My job requires a lot of energy (walking around, talking loudly) and I have work to take home in the evenings usually. I try to eat well and sleep well and have good relationships to manage stress. I feel so tired every weekday that I automatically want to fall asleep once it\u2019s 3:30 PM \u2013 6:00 PM for a nap that usually lasts 20-40 minutes. I\u2019m not sure if there is another underlying cause. I\u2019m concerned since I\u2019m young too.Your help and consideration is highly appreciated", "title": "My problem is I am always feeling fatigued in the late afternoon and evening, as if I am ready to fall asleep?"}
{"text": "Im a 29 year old female.  My heart rate is always quite high, about 90/min and my blood pressure is usually in the mid range, about 110/70\u2026 the last few days my blood pressure has dropped to around 90/60, and I just checked it again and its at 85/55 and my heart rate is at 123/min.  I have a weird cool sensation in my chest that I can\u2019t really explain properly in words and it travels up to my throat.  I have been under a lot of stress lately, so I\u2019m assuming my symptoms are from increased anxiety but should I be concerned", "title": "My blood pressure has dropped to around 90/60, now at  85/55 and my heart rate is at 123/min?"}
{"text": "Hi, my son got an accident and his foot his badly injured as his skin is burnt and got black, I m not satisfied with the doctors treatment, could you plz advice me.", "title": "Hi, my son got an accident and his foot his badly injured as his skin is burnt and got black?"}
{"text": "I am a 22 yr old female. For the past 3-4 years I have experienced spots all over my face. I had perfect skin until I was 18 and I slowly started to get red spots on my face. Originally I thought it was acne, and I would try to pop them but when I would do that there wasn\u2019t any pus it was clear and oozed. Slowly but surely it started to take over my skin, I tried almost everything except for medications. I must mention six years ago I was diagnosed with Lupus after I was in the hospital with auto immune hemolytic anemia. My rheumatologist didn\u2019t seem very convincing when he told me, he said that I had 7 out of the 11 criteria and put me on plaquneil. I stopped taking plaquneil after having adverse side effects and slowly recovered. Jumping back to my skin issue, I have always been very clean, I was my hands, nothing hardly touches my face, my foundation is fine when I wear it (Laura mercier) and I drink a decent amount of water. Organic soaps, and non sulfate soaps hardly help. My old doctor put me on mupirocin cream which worked and then it wouldn\u2019t and then it would. The cream is too expensive so I have to ween myself off of it. I was on that cream almost everyday for a year and a half. My climate in my hometown is very extrodinarly hott and it seemed more aggravated when I lived there and I was always outdoors. I moved to the Bay Area and began working from home and saw improvement. I was in a controlled temperature and I didn\u2019t have sun exposure. I have been looking into this for years and I am so insecure about my skin, I want to wake up in the morning without these spots and feel good about myself. Please give me suggestions! Thank you so much", "title": "I have experienced spots all over my face, diagnosed with Lupus and auto immune hemolytic anemia?"}
{"text": "Does anyone knows what is this on my baby mouth ? Iv never seen this before im so worried. He is one month old today and I just noticed this inside his mouth", "title": "Does anyone knows what is this on my baby\u2019s mouth ?"}
{"text": "I am a 52 yr old female. I take Lovastatin and Levothyroxin.\n1 month ago I went to emergency room because of a cough that had been coming and going for a month and never had a fever phlegm was always clear to cloudy no color to it. I was diagnosed with having pneumonia and sepsis. Pneumonia was not seen on xrays it was seen on cat scan with contrast. I spent 4 nights in hospital getting iv antibiotics and fluids for the sepsis. Pneumonia from my understanding was viral.  I am not at 4 weeks after having been admitted and cough is not getting any better. I have been to dr 2x and they say oh what you are going thru is normal. It takes 3-4 weeks for lungs to clear up. (I was told that at 3 weeks post admission.) The phlegm starting 2 nights ago has gotten very thick and green. I am also coughing up some Looser phlegm but it also no longer is clear to cloudy.  I am concerned that this Dr office is not really listening to the proble", "title": "I was diagnosed with pneumonia and sepsis, cough is not getting any better?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 27 year old female, generally fit, I\u2019m 12 weeks pregnant and have been unwell for the last 3 days taking paracetamol which does not seem to help at all. I went to the Drs Monday after being up every hour in pain ached all over kept drinking water hoping to flush my system through, got to the Drs sat in the waiting room and had to leave As I came over very hot and felt funny so I got myself and my 3 daughters back in the car and drove home. Tuesday I had an appointment first thing so made sure I went I told the dr I was certain I had tonsillitis as had seen white at the sides of my throat he told me it was laryngitis and that he didn\u2019t feel antibiotics was necessary to take paracetamol and go get some dissoluble aspirin from the pharmacy to gurgle and that it would go within a couple of days. The pharmacist refused to sell me aspirin as I\u2019m pregnant she said I either needed prescription or I could buy it off the shelf but she put me off the idea so I stuck to paracetamol and nurofen. Today I woke up still have a headache I was up from 2-4 in the night sweating that much I had to take my top of as it was sticking to me. I woke up with a headache and ears that feel as though I have an earache on its way. I\u2019ve been having hot and cold flushes all day slept for 2 hours why the children were at school, my body keeps shaking and it hurts, my neck hurts the most turning it to the side up or down. I now have a cough on its way and keep being sick bile I have managed to eat but only a little all day I don\u2019t want to keep taking tablets as this is unlike me and I\u2019m pregnant. My hands and feet keep going really cold why the rest of my body is warm. Any advise would be greatly received.(\u2026", "title": "I have night sweating, headache, hot and cold flushes, I don\u2019t want to keep taking tablets as I am pregnant?"}
{"text": "Good day. I need help i have really bad pain in both of my ovary sides\u2026 I went to the doctor he pushed on my right and it hurt. But then he pushed on my left side and i screamed with pain. I had a full bladder so when he pushed on my bladder it hurted but he said that\u2019s normal for a overfull bladder. And then i peed in a cup. He then pushed it again i had no pain. He moved from the right side to the left and when he pushed i screamed again. He said i might be pregnant.. Then i told him i had sex unprotected with my bf on the 3 sept and i had my period on the 16 sept\u2026 I had a really bad period. And then October came i had my period on the 14th\u2026 Barely a period\u2026 Had no symptoms. Just ate a lot. But my next period is due on the 14 Nov. The doctor then said i wont be pregnant so he said i had bladder infection just by looking at my pee\u2026 He did not test it.. He gave me meficine which is not taking away my side pains but giving me nausea for a little while\u2026 Can i be pregnant unknowingly \u2026 I did take test.. Negative. Is this a case of ectopic pregnancy\u2026 My sister said it might be\u2026. Or is the doctor right \u2026do i have infection. I had bladder infection before that is why i know the feeling. Its not the same. I also had ovary infection about 5-6 months ago. The doctors did give me meds. I have not had any pain since then\u2026 But two months ago when i had sex with my bf \u2026 I had a really really bad period. Is there anything else that might cause this pain i am having in both my ovary sides or is it bladder infection?? I am only 19 years and completely freaked out now. Please help.\nThank yo", "title": "I have really bad pain in both of my ovary sides, bladder infection or  ectopic pregnancy?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 30 years.  I have a problem with the disc discrosion CD4-CD5 of the cervical spine, i have headache, arms paralyzed,I would like to ask  if the solution is operation or there are other treatment like taking medicine, I have also a cyst of pituitary gland . Th", "title": "I have a problem with the disc dislocation CD4-CD5 of the cervical spine:  operation or medication?"}
{"text": "I have dizzy spells a lot if I don\u2019t sit down immediately I\u2019ll black out. My body shakes kinda like a seizure. I cannot control it. And nerves in my head tighten up like feels as if someone is driving a knife into my brain. I\u2019m 23 I have got dizzy and blacked out in the past I think it started yet junior year of high school. But like my vision would be black but I could hear my self falling but couldn\u2019t feel a thing what\u2019s going on", "title": "I have dizzy spells, my body shakes, feels as if someone is driving a knife into my brain"}
{"text": "Hi, I have been having heartburn for a couple years, it has gotten much worse and has nothing to do with what I eat, been on prescribed medications omeprazole 40 mg daily and added ranitidine 150 mg twice daily \u2013 this was added couple months ago and its nor working. The last 3 months it has gotten worse to the point  I get sick . And then the heartburn will hang on for several days not to the extreme but it\u2019s there. I have also started a month ago having all over body itching with no rash, especially my jaw and neck. Im also having pain behind my right shoulder blade from time to time, the pain lasts for a few hours, at its worse the pain is about a 7. Its not from the way I sleep or exercise or work I have been paying attention to this also. For the past month I have not been sleeping well at all. I wake up several times a night, sometimes drenched in sweat. I have been getting 3 \u2013 5 hours of sleep every night, I\u2019ve always needed at least 8 hours. Very tired all day.\nI am 49 years old, female,\nCan you help me with this", "title": "I have been having heartburn for a couple years, body itching with no rash, pain behind my right shoulder blade?"}
{"text": "32 year old male, no medical conditions, no medications.I hurt my lower back by tweaking it; I was laying on my back and caught a slow falling object, maybe 80 lbs (a door) and it tweaked my back the wrong way. I went to a chiropractor and he fixed me up after two sessions but told me to take it easy for a few weeks.Well\u2026 I was feeling good so did some manual labor, and while sitting on the toilet the next morning\u2026 man\u2013 pain. The pain is not as bad as it was\u2026 but now I am hunched over and it seems that my ab muscles have changed so it looks like I have a gut. Can\u2019t quite stand up straight\u2026 and when I finally do, if I have to sit down, i start from square one again.Any idea", "title": "I hurt my lower back, now I am hunched over and it seems that my ab muscles have changed?"}
{"text": "34 Y/O female. 5\u20194 146lbs. I am for the most part pretty healthy. The last couple of months I\u2019ve had numerous symptoms that are alarming me.\nLower back pain\nSmell in Vagina/discharge\nIndigestion/ random pains and discomfort in my belly\nConstipation\nUrine in poop\nDischarge in belly button\nLots of pain in bones and joints (spciallY knees, elbows and shoulder)\nConstant headache on right side/ front\nLack of sleep/fatigue\nFor a few weeks pain on my right rib under breast with breath tightness/ Jaw pain\nDiscomfort in shoulder", "title": "The last couple of months I\u2019ve had numerous symptoms that are alarming me?"}
{"text": "I have a heel spur my doctor want to do an injection should a cortisone injection be done without ultra sound guidance", "title": "My doctor wants to do an injection should a cortisone injection be done without ultra sound guidance?"}
{"text": "Last weekend I developed sever chest pain under right breast by rib cage. Tender , sore to touch , feels like broken rib , went to urgent care had urine taken and x-rays without them seeing anything. Has been over a week and no relief. I am constipated and have hep c and 36 years old", "title": "I developed sever chest pain under right breast by rib cage?"}
{"text": "38 Year old male, have lived in a high stress environment for 2 years and began to exhibit psychosomatic symptoms in late July 2016.  Began a regimen of 10mg Lexapro and Lorazapam as needed needed for anxiety.  Dosage eventually upped to 20 mg Lexapro with Betalol and Livotril.\n20 mg Lexapro caused severe sexual side effects so medication was changed to  Deanxit 2x daily after breakfast and lunch plus Lexapro 10 mg and Rivotril 2 mg at bedtime.\nAnxiety symptoms have returned.  I live in Thailand and have seen 5 medication changes between 3 different doctors.  I would appreciate advice on a drug regimen that will restore Serotonin while dealing with short-term anxiety symptoms", "title": "I would appreciate advice on a drug regimen that will restore Serotonin while dealing with short-term anxiety symptoms?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor I\u2019m 24 and male, and I\u2019m taking no medication.\n It\u2019s been 6 weeks since I had my  surgery to my acl and meniscus on my right leg in which I had a hamstring graft\u2026\nto day I went up the stairs a little faster than usual  and a massive pop went behind my leg which was very very painful I would say 7/10 pain\nIt happened on my right leg where my leg bends which I think might be the Semitedinosus.\nI can walk on my leg fine but I\u2019m in pain when bending down!\nWhat could this be", "title": "It\u2019s been 6 weeks since I had my  surgery to my acl and meniscus, today  my leg popped ?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m a 36-year old male. Around April this year, I had three episodes of hematuria. Scared, I went to a nephrologist & then another urologist. They conducted a number of tests on me including urinalysis, urine culture, X-ray and USG of KUB, phase contrast microscopy, lever and kidney function tests and a range of other blood tests. Almost everything came normal and the phase contrast microscopy found that the blood was coming from lower urinary tract. The doctors did not find any stones, lesions or tumors during the USG. One morning in August, I passed a nearly 2mm stone through my urine. The urologist says I do not need to be scared anymore.But I have a few issues of concern:1) Ever since, right after the hematuria episodes, at times, when I strain to pass a stool, drops of whitish semen-like substance comes out of my penis. In order to tackle this situation, I stopped straining at least a week back and it had nearly stopped. But over the past two days, I have noticed on two occasions, a small jelly-like transparent substance come out after I finish peeing. It usually sticks to the bowl and when I drop water on it, it rolls off into the water and sinks. Is this something to worry about?\nFYI: My wife is pregnant. And I haven\u2019t had sex or masturbated since September this year. 2) Often when I am sitting down, I feel a slight burning sensation near the head of my penis. Also, at times, when I finish urinating, I walk a few steps and then sit on the commode for the last few drops to come out. Over the last few months, frequently, the last few drops have been light yellow. Is this something to worry about?I had asked about these things to my urologist. But he seems rather indifferent.It would be great if you can let me know.Thank", "title": "I had three episodes of hematuria, had a number of tests everything came normal but still have problems?"}
{"text": "My father had liver transplantation on 1362016 and he had a billary support in billary tract on 1892016 due to stenosis now his alt and ast are normal but alkph=769 , GGT=408 these two enzymes are increasing highly and some times pale stool he takes prograph 6 mgday , certican 1.5two times day\nplease any doctor or who has experience can help me with this situation", "title": "My father had liver transplant,  enzymes are increasing highly?"}
{"text": "I am a 32 year old female. I recently went to the doctor complaining of tiredness and felt my hair was less thick. I was sent for blood test which revealed I was anemic and had abnormal dsdna antibodies. I have been referred to a rheumatologiet but there is a long wait. Does this mean it is likely I have SLE? Other then reflux and tiredness I have no specific symptom", "title": "I am anemic and have abnormal dsdna antibodies, do I have Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)?"}
{"text": "My husband  is 58, 5\u20199\u2033, 14 stone.\nIn june 2015 he was very tired all the time, he was diagnoised with underactive thyroid,  his tsh was 8.5, put on 75 levothyroxine,  by september 2015 his tsh was 3.5, and he felt well,\nIn may this year he was again feeling tired,  his tsh was 4.05, his levothyroxine  was increased to 100, also he was low vitamin d, so also took that for 3 months,  his blood was tested 2 weeks later and tsh was 4.5, still feeling tired all the time the doctor put him on 125 leveothyroxine,  5 weeks later his heart was racing, he felt shakey, and very hyper, his was pulse was 80 (Which is high for him, as he has a pacemaker for bradycardia and his underlying pulse is 34) he visited the a&e,  his tsh was 5.63, was put down to 100 leveothyroxine,  that was 30th july, he was told he needed to six weeks to come down,  his last blood test was tsh 3.85, so doctor says his ok.\nBut he is still very anxious, emotional,  feels like tablets get stuck in throat, burning mouth, and throat, burning at top of stomach, burping, so has been taking gaviston,  physically and mentaly can not cope,very , very short tempered, dizzy, lightheaded, feels like everyone is having a go at him.gets tongue tied. HE was not like this before his medication was upted.\nHe does not trust our doctors anymore, as he feels that they overdoesed his medication, but he does not know whether, he is still taking too much leveothyroxine  ( he has now on his own accord cut medication to 100 every 2 days then 75 for the last 2 weeks) he is so emotional .\nAnd not coping (he will cope when he is taking to people, they woukd not know anything was wrong, but then he will he will fall apart). We wonder whether he is still taking too much levothyroxine,  and the indegestion  and emotions are caused by the underactive thyroid or\nIS he having anxiety attacks in general, and what we should do", "title": "My husband does not trust our doctors anymore, as he feels that they overdosed his medication?"}
{"text": "25, FDiagnosed 10/31 with Pleurisy, 11/2 with Bronchitis. Pain is still severe on right side of chest and back. BP is elevated last reading 170/96 and hr is 117. I went to my reg doc and they only suggested going to the emergency room or to up the pain medicine. I had a blood clot last year in the same area, so it is just concerning for me. I am not sure if I should go to the ER or just ride it out", "title": "Diagnosed with Pleurisy and Bronchitis, should I up the pain medicine, go to er or ride it out??"}
{"text": "Hello I was wondering if I test negative for hpv with my Pap tests , do I need separate anal hpv test \u2026 Is it the same virus within your body ? I have been in a monogamous relationship for 20 years , and worry about cervical and all cancer \u2026 Thank yo", "title": "If I test negative for hpv with my Pap tests , do I need separate anal hpv test?"}
{"text": "I had some bumps on my penis at the bottom where my pubic hairs would start at first I thought they were just in grown hairs from me shaving but now I don\u2019t know . I\u2019m confused as to what they are because when I read on herpes it said they would be painful if it were but it\u2019s not painful I haven\u2019t had any discharges so please can I get your hel", "title": "I had some bumps on my penis, not painful, is it herpes?"}
{"text": "Age:28. Female. No medical history. No medication. 100% healthy. Regular 28 day cycle like clockwork. Very sexually active with husband. Trying to conceive. My Q is this, Oct. 29, 2016:Missed period.. Nov. 2, 2016:Super light pink discharge spotting only on toilet paper lasting only 2-3 hours. 5 days late for period.. Nov. 3, 2016:No discharge at all.. Nov. 4, 2016:Brown discharge spotting only on toilet paper lasting for only 1-2 hours.. Nov. 5, 2016:Red-orange light discharge spotting on and off all day with some slight pinching sensation in upper pelvic area/lower abdominal area that was bearable and only lasted a few minutes.. Nov. 6, 2016:Slightly heavier red-orange discharge spotting (not like a period).. Nov. 7, 2016:Pink-red discharge spotting on toilet paper.. Nov. 8, 2016:Brown discharge spotting on toilet paper. This has never happened before and I\u2019m freaking out. What\u2019s going on", "title": "Missed period, brown discharge spotting on toilet paper. This has never happened before?"}
{"text": "18\nMale\nNo significant conditions in history\nNo current medication\nNo allergies\nNon smokerAbout 19 months ago I injured myself during a rugby game. I fell on my right side and another player fell on my upper left side (chest and shoulder/upper arm). On impact of the second player i felt my left clavicle shift towards my sternum, causing pain. I continued to play for the duration of the match (20-30 minutes) but stayed away from any further collisions. I did attempt to lift players for line outs, but was unable to lift my left arm above my shoulder without pain. After the match, as i cooled down and my heart rate returned to normal, the pain in my left sternum and shoulder muscle increased. It was enough to limit movement of my left arm upwards. I also had pain in the left of my chest, worsening with deep breathing, coughing and laughing. There was a small lump at my left sternum, which shrank over maybe 2 months. The left chest pain subsided over 2 weeks and by a month was completely gone. I could not sleep on my left side for maybe 2 months before the pain in my left collarbone let up. I still have an ache/stiffness in my left upper shoulder muscle (the muscle running from the base of the ear down to the top of the arm). I did not seek medical treatment as I had no difficulty breathing or swallowing, and assumed I would just be told to rest it. I returned to rugby 14 months ago with no trouble other than the left shoulder stiffness, which i now consider chronic. 3 months ago i experienced sudden onset breathlessness upon returning from a foreign holiday. For a day or so before I came home I had a dry cough with occasional green/white sputum. After blood tests and a chest X ray at hospital I was told I had a chest infection, and was given a 5 day course of antibiotics. the cough subsided within 3 days of returning.Coming to right now, I am still having mild difficulty breathing. It is constant, from the waking up to going to sleep. It feels as if I won\u2019t breathe unless I force the movements, pushing a little bit more air out in order to pull a bit more in under negative pressure. It does not hinder any activities significantly. It doesn\u2019t worsen with exercise, but it doesn\u2019t improve either. It is most obvious when lying in bed.My question (finally) then, is, would my collarbone injury be linked in some way", "title": "I injured myself during a rugby game, now have sudden onset breathlessness?"}
{"text": "17, female and I have pain in my toe I\u2019m African American but my toe got blacker and it\u2019s swollen I don\u2019t know what the problem i", "title": "My toe got blacker and it\u2019s swollen I don\u2019t know what the problem is?"}
{"text": "My name is Mrs (\u2026) and I\u2019m worried about my friend in Yangon Myanmar who is in hospital with a staph infection. What is worrying her is the knife like stabbing pains in her head coming at about 10 second busts apart. The doctors speak English well but they are not able to identify if the two are linked. Also if she was to fly out to get more treatment would it be dangerous flying with this condition", "title": "My friend has Staph Infection (Staphylococcus Aureus) with knife like stabbing pains in her head?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor,\nMy son 4month old having weight 8.3 kg. Is this over weight according to age.\nMy son had a seizure 3 times in 15 days.\nOn 15th Eve  he had 3rd seizure of approx. 1 min. On 16th day morning he had 4th seizure of 1 and half min. After that we took away to doctor ,he asked for blood test in which calcium was little bit more. Then they asked for EEG and at that time another seizure took place of same duration. Then they admitted for a day for observation.but only 3-5 second of seizure took place. Then they discharge and told us to give 3 and half ml of eptoin twice a day for 15 days now.Details of seizure \u2013 eyes went up, strengthens the body, strengthens hands and legs straight, body shakes.Does their any serious problem. Is this eptoin syrup OK for my so", "title": "My 4 month old boy is having seizures, is  Eptoin (Phenytoin) the right treatment?"}
{"text": "hi docter my mother is 42 and a MDR TB patient and uses her treatment everyday but she is still coughing blood can you tell me what is wrong please it happens regularly I really need your help please tell me what to \u2026", "title": "My mother has Multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) and coughing blood?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am a female, 28 years old. I have been experiencing various types of allergies from childhood. Due to increase in heat, stress or dust I get itchy & red eyes often, also frequent bouts of sneezing due to dust or cold weather.During the past 2 years, I have been facing itchy & flaky scalp & these days, I get granular pieces from my scalp and a hell lot of hair loss.Also, I have been facing from itchy vaginal fluid that sometimes becomes very thick. These days I get sudden hunger pangs, grumbly stomach & heartburn when I eat food which vanishes when I drink water.Since I have a history of allergies, I wonder if all these are connected and I\u2019m worried it it is somerhing serious.I approached many doctors. I used candid creams, took terbimine tablets etc. No luck. I was tested for sugar, HB content & it is all normal. Please let me know what I should do", "title": "I have been experiencing various types of allergies from childhood?"}
{"text": "I am a 27 year old female.[signinlocker] I have had heart pains in the past with dizzy and light headed [/signinlocker]spells.  I have had chest xrays,  blood work, a heart monitor and a few other things done to check my heart and everything came up normal. Last test was done summer of 2015. The last several months I still get off and on a small pain under my left breast or it could be in the middle of  chest. It can last for a few mins or all day off and on through the day. I am tired of getting this and sick of going to the hospital as it comes back fine. I am wondering what it is. I always think I\u2019m having a heart attack or its something else serious the tests arnt seeing. I was diagnosed with anxiety when I was 17. But I don\u2019t think it\u2019s anxiety though.  Any help would be great", "title": "I have had chest xrays,  blood work, a heart monitor and a few other things done to check my heart and everything came up normal\u2026but?"}
{"text": "(\u2026), on mirtazapine, quetiapine, zopiclone, citalopram.\nI had unprotected sex three weeks ago, when my period was already 3 days overdue.  Is it at all possible that I could have been ovulating then? I have heard that women can ovulate at any time, and some women, twice in a month.  I completely missed my period after that, and I have had other pregnancy symptoms such as severe menstrual cramps, pink blood spotting and extra vaginal discharge.\nIs there any chance I could be pregnant?\nI hope so.\nThank", "title": "I have heard that women can ovulate at any time?"}
{"text": "21, Female, only medications are headache medication, over the counter, etc. I\u2019ve been experiencing a nonstop period for several months. I do have a daughter, but she\u2019s 9 months. I talked to my OB/GYN and he said it could be where my body is still pushing out all the held periods during my pregnancy, but I don\u2019t think it\u2019s that considering she\u2019s 9 months already. I have an extreme loss of appetite, as well as when I was pregnant. I can go hours without a meal, and when I do get hungry, I either eat very little or a lot. I\u2019m just looking for answers as to what it could be. I\u2019ve done research and it sounds like I have endometriosis, or it could be my fibroids. I would just like a medical professional\u2019s opinion as to what\u2019s wrong with me", "title": "I\u2019ve been experiencing a nonstop period for several months, is it  endometriosis or my fibroids?"}
{"text": "I am sending this question for my mother in law who has been suffering from cough for about 2 months. She was suspected to have a lung cancer since the CT scan reveals several nodules on her lungs. She was tested for sputum and came out negative. She also underwent fine needle biopsy but it did not rule our the carcinoma even though they only found a few atypical cells and no malignant cells are found. What other tests can we do to confirm or totally rule out the possibility of having a cancer? Aside from lung cancer,  what are the other possible illness that has these same symptoms? Does the attached biopsy insufficient to rule our carcinoma? She is 57 years old", "title": "Suspected to have a lung cancer  fine needle biopsy found a few atypical cells and no malignant cells?"}
{"text": "I am a male ageing 57 years old have been suffering from enlargement of prostrate for last 2 years. During October 2015 my PSA was detected at 10.92.Thereafter I underwent TRUS and prostrate BX.  But it revealed no sign of malignancy. However immediately after Prostrate BX , I was fallen acutely sick with complete retention of Urine. Accordingly, I was hospitalized in January 2016 and treated with iv injection and catheterization. At the time of discharge after one week with catheter in situ, I was advised to go for TURP at the earliest. However, I was not in favor of surgery. Hence, I had made consultation with another surgeon in last week of January 2016 and based on his advice I have undergone MRI Prostrate .PI Rads of MRI is 3/5. Depending on the report, he prescribed me the medicine CONTIFLOW-D and advised me to report after 1.5 months with PSA Report. Accordingly, I made report to him in FEBRUARY 2016 WTH MY PSA reading at 8.05. On going through the report, the doctor removed my catheter, prescribed the same medicine \u2013CONTIFLOW-D, and asked me to report again in May 2015 with PSA REPORT. On 7th.May 2016, I visited the doctor with PSA reading at 6.05.The doctor then prescribed me Urimax-D and Calutide-50. in replacement of the earlier prescribed medicine. However on consuming Calutide-50, I being a bronchial Asthma patient, developed breathing problem. Accordingly, I made my PSA test on 13.06.2016 and visited doctor on 15.06.2016 with PSA report of 2.72 .On going through the report the doctor advised me to continue other medicine excepting Calutide and report after 03 months with report on PSA and Haemoglobin. I have made my PSA and haemoglobin on 02.11.2016 and the report of test reveals that PSA has been elevated to 5.27 while haemoglobin % has also increased from 14.0 to 14.4.With the report I have consulted my Urologist on 05.11.2016 and due to elevation of PSA he has advised me to continue Calutide again.I have learnt from my chemist that the medicine Calutide   is generally  prescribed for treatment of Prostate cancer. I am rather worried if I have been suffering from the said Incurable disease.\nIn view of the above, kindly inform me if Calutide can also be prescribed for BPH.Regard", "title": "I have an enlargement of prostrate, can Calutide be prescribed for BPH (Enlarged Prostate)?"}
{"text": "I am a 17 year old male and I have a incision on my wrist. A small bump has appeared after a week of my stitches being taken out.is my wound infected", "title": "I have a incision on my wrist is my wound infected ?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 19 years old Female ,I\u2019ve type 1 diabetes for seven years now\nFor the last year and half I\u2019ve had these terrible headaches almost every day\nI get this pulsating feeling in my temple and between my eyes & My whole head throbs .\nWhen it first started I went to an ophthalmologist who told me I\u2019ve migraines but described nothing for it\nIt got worst & I went to a bunch of doctors\nTill I got the final diagnosis that I\u2019ve neck muscles strain that caused a TMJ problem & that maybe my disc has been moved from it\u2019s position or something like that\nI did an MRI but it showed that there\u2019s nothing wrong with my jaw.\nI ignored the problem for a while\nUntil last week , beside the usual terrible headache , I\u2019ve got this electrical feeling in the right half of my face\nIt ran in three places , around my eyebrow and eye , tip of nose and my upper lip , and along my mandible.\nI\u2019m not sure what\u2019s the problem anymore , or who should I go to? The pain is becoming unbearable. I\u2019d appreciate the help", "title": "I\u2019ve neck muscles strain that caused a Temporomandibular Joint Disorders (TMJ, TMD)?"}
{"text": "I am 23 yrs male , I am  having ruptured eardrum. A big hole in one ear and small in other one due to excessive use of earbuds.\nOne doctor suggested to have surgery and other suggested to wait for 3 months to let the eardrum heal itself.\nWill waiting cause any long term effect on my hearing power or should I go for Surgery", "title": "I am  having ruptured eardrum, one doctor suggested to have surgery and other suggested to wait for 3 months?"}
{"text": "I had a CT scan due to a kidney stone 2 months ago which also showed that I have gallstones. No other problems with my gall bladder were noted at the time. Last month I had another scan for the kidney stone and this time the radiologist (not the same one) noted that my gall bladder was contracted. From what I read on the internet this isn\u2019t exactly a life-threatening thing but my gastroenterologist is acting like I\u2019m terminal. I had an ultrasound while fasting which confirmed what the CT scan showed. Now this doctor wants me to have another scan, I\u2019m not sure what it\u2019s called, he\u2019s sending me a prescription in the mail. So the way he shakes his head and says \u201cwe have to get this handled\u201d has me worried. I have no symptoms at all, no pain. So, while I\u2019m going to do what he says I want some assurance that this isn\u2019t something that\u2019s going to end up being a huge problem for me. So my question is, just how serious is this? Is it more likely to end up with the removal of the gallbladder or just the stones? I started a gallbladder-friendly diet that was the consensus on the internet. Is that worthwhile? Can statins reduce gall stones? I just started statins, by coincidence, two days ago. If I continue to not have any symptoms does that mean I can just live with this? Thanks", "title": "I had a CT scan, I have gallstones, my gastroenterologist is acting like I\u2019m terminal?"}
{"text": "Dear Doctor,  My daughter is 8 years old. She is suffering from Jaundice from past 4 months. Presently as per her blood test :Bilirubin : 0.40mg/dlConjugated : 0.10mg/dl\nUnconjugated : 0.30 mg/dlALT( SGPT ) : 57.00 U/LThe medicines she had been prescribed are:(1) Junior Lanzol 15mg Cap \u2013 Intake twice \u2013 30 minutes before lunch and dinner\n(2) Ursokem 150 mg Tablets \u2013  Intake twice \u2013 30 minutes before lunch and dinner\n(3) Cynobac Tablets \u2013 Intake twice \u2013 30 minutes before lunch and dinnerShe is having boiled vegetables and rice, sometimes fish and egg white.Inspite of taking these medicines her ALT ( SGPT ) is not coming to normal. Please suggest what to do to bring her ALT ( SGPT) to normal.Thanks", "title": "My daughter is 8 years old and suffering from Jaundice,  Please suggest what to do to bring her ALT ( SGPT) to normal?"}
{"text": "I have had long term constipation with several episodes of impaction. I have been treated with movicol and enemas  and am awaiting a colonoscopy .\nI started taking magnesium citrate and last night experienced intense spasm and burning pain in my lower back and rectum. Foul smelling gas and diohorea. My stomach feels very painful and I felt very dizzy and sick\nI had also taken 4 movicol sachets\nI have been diagnosed with low b12 at 200 could this also be contributing to my symptoms ?\nI have no appetite and cannot taste well.\nI have been given Prozac to manage the symptoms of feeling very low with all of this\nShould I just stop all laxatives and give my bowel a chance to settle down", "title": "I have had long term constipation with several episodes of impaction?"}
{"text": "I am 31 year male and I have SpondyloArthritis.I am taking medicine for more than 6 months.\nBut from last 15 days I am feeling extreme pain in my right knee and left hip.The pain exists in the right side of my knee.Though I have no fever but there is too much heat in that area of the knee.There is also little swelling in that side.For last 9 days I am taking Aceclofenac 100mg twice daily but I am not getting much relief.The medicines that I am taking right now are-\nMethotrexate \u2013 20mg on Sunday\nFolic Acid \u2013 5mg on Wednesday and Thursday\nSazz \u2013 1.5gm \u2013 twice daily\nShelcal 500mg \u2013 twice daily\nPantop 40 \u2013 everyday before breakfast\nAceclofenac \u2013 100mg \u2013 twice daily\nCalcirol granules 60,000 IU one sachet \u2013 once in a monthAt last I visited my doctor and he has told me to take Defcort 6 mg \u2013 once daily for 1 month.I have heard this is steroid and taking steroid is very bad for health.\nSo I visited to another doctor who is near to me.He has suggested me to take Alanz for 5 days,and Retoz 120 mg for 20 days followed by 90 mg for 10 days.But he has changed the dozes for Sazz from 3gm to 1.5 gm daily and Methotrexate from 20mg to 15mg.\nNow I have got confused and can not decide what should I do.\nPlease help.\nThanks in advance", "title": "I have SpondyloArthritis.I am taking medicine for more than 6 months?"}
{"text": "Hi, i have had a loud high-pitched ringing in both of my ears for the past year now. it starts out of nowhere and leads to ringing and then slight loss of hearing. It sounds like a dog whistle and heaviness in my ears. I am a 15 year old Female, healthy and no medications. I told my mother and she said, she thinks it\u2019s Tinnitus. What could it possibly be? It has been getting worse. and after the ringing happens my ears ache. nowhere. I could be walking or sitting and it still happens. I have had my hearing checked when i was little because the doctors thought i had a problem with hearing. Turns out i didn\u2019t have a problem until now. Could i be losing my hearing? i\u2019m getting worried about the ringing. What could it be? Thank you", "title": "I have had a loud high-pitched ringing in both of my ears for the past year now?"}
{"text": "Patient : Female aged 74 years: Height about 5ft, Weight around 90Kgs(1) Severe burning sensation in the feet (been there for 5-6 years but now has increased and becoming intolerable)\n(2) Feels numbness in both the legs if she stands for few minutes (been there for few years, have consulted both Neurologist, Cardiologist \u2013 EEG, Brain MRI, Doppler of Carotid Arteries, Holter Tests done. (No significant issues identified)\n(3) Cramps in both the legs\n(4) IBS \u2013 Irritable bowel syndrome (for last 10 years, treated right from peppermint oil capsules to psychosomatic disorder, all of them only have very temporary relief). No clear solution to address this issue till date.Patient History:Hypertension \u2013 Was very mild until last couple of weeks (only 1/2 tablet of Prolomet XL 25 daily) for many years. Recently it became very high (now normal with medicines Telma 20mg & Amlong 5 mg daily).Palmar Plantar Psoriasis \u2013 For last 4 years (Dermatologust treatment only external application ointments)Treated for peripheral neuropathy with Maxgalin 75, etc. but no improvements.Nerve conduction test, ECG, EEG \u2013 Normal\nVenous & Arterial doppler of both the legs \u2013 No major issues\nBlood tests, Thyroid, Renal, Hemogram, etc. \u2013 Normal\nVitamin D total (low, 9.02ng/ml, taking supplements now)\nB12 high \u2013 1258 pg/ml (high, may be because of supplement Nurokind OD she took for a week prior to blood test)\nHbA1C \u2013 6 and average blood sugar 125mg/dlTotal Knee replacement surgery for both knees done 6 years back.Please advise.Thank", "title": "Numbness, burning sensation, cramps in both legs, no significant issues identified?"}
{"text": "Dear Doctor\nI have some problem with urination. After 5 minutes of  drinking a glass of water or even some sips, I feel to quickly release the urine because it pressurizes my right side as shown in the attached picture. The red color and light red color shows the intensity of the pressure. After I finish releasing the urine, it still releases for 10-15 minutes in the form of drops. I need to frequently urinate. I am also going to attach my recent test reposts of LFT, RFT and Urine. I am worried about functioning of my kidneys.Liver Function Tests\n\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014-\nBilirubin Total\t\t\t0.4 mg/dl\nALT (SGPT)\t\t\t36 U/L\nAST (SGOT)\t\t\t24 U/L\nAlkaline Phosphatase\t\t138 U/L\nTotal Proteins\t\t\t8.4 g/dl\nSerum Albumin\t\t\t4.9 g/dl\nSerum Globulin\t\t\t3.5 g/dl\nA/G Ration\t\t\t1.4Renal Function Tests\n\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2013\nBlood Urea\t\t\t33 mg/dl\nSerum Creatinine\t\t0.8 mg/dlUrine C/E\n\u2014\u2014\u2014\u2014\nColor\t\t\t\tYellow\nSP Gravity\t\t\t1.025\npH\t\t\t\t        6.0\nGlucose\t\t\t\tNIL\nProtein\t\t\t\tNIL\nKetone\t\t\t\tNIL\nUrobilinogen\t\t\tNormal\nBilirubin\t\t\t\tNIL\nBlood\t\t\t\tNIL\nPus Cells\t\t\t\t1-2 /HPF\nEpithelial Cells\t\t\t0-1 /HPFPlease advise", "title": "I have urination problems, could it be my kidneys?"}
{"text": "29. Female. I take lamictal/lamotragine and adderall when I remember, probably way too much ibuprofen this month. I got hit by a car 1 month ago yesterday. I have two big holes in my leg around my knee. They haven\u2019t healed and for a week the top hole smelled weird. There was a half baseball looking lump below my knee that hurt, 7 level pain. It was basically a pocket of blood and when I pushed it out, it was bad smelling chunky craisin looking. It smelled nothing like the way blood normally smells. I\u2019ve been resting, cleaning and icing my knee but the area around ithe bottom puncture is oddly firm, discolored, swollen, \u2026\u2026..numb and painful at the same time.  Almost as soon as I got hit I started feeling like I\u2019m getting a UTI. Could that be related? Do I really have to go in? If go in what will happe", "title": "I got hit by a car.I have two big holes in my leg around my knee. They haven\u2019t healed?"}
{"text": "I am a 49 year old male. I recently had an xray that came back saying. There are some ill-defined patchy mixed air space and interstitial opacities seen in the left perihilar region. Notably adjoining the left upper lobe pulmonary artery. No focal consolidation is seen. the remaining lungs are clear, as are the pleural spaces. No bony abnormality is seen. I have had a ct scan the other day, and get the results next Tuesday. As this is concerning me, I am looking for more information as my  doctor couldnt explain the xray report to me. I have recently had whooping cough, would this have anything to do with it. The doctor put me on Curam Duo Forte 875gm/125g", "title": "I recently had an xray: ill-defined patchy mixed air space, interstitial, no focal consolidation?"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m a 24 year old female. I am 5\u20195\u2033 and weigh about 260lbs. I know I need to loose weight but I have a BIG problem that conflicts. I also have PCOS.The main issue though is my back. I have been an Equestrian for about 21 years now but for the past year I have not been able to ride or compete.\nWhen I was about 8 I had a really bad accident and my horse flipped on top of me. Didn\u2019t notice much pain in my back til I started marking band. When we got it checked they said that I had Scoliosis with a 19\u00b0 curve of my spine and at that time I had 2 bulging disc in lower back. Well then 2 years ago I slipped and fell on ice.\nI did 6 weeks of physical therapy and then got a Epidural Steroid Injection. It worked a little then the following year I twist weird at work dealing with a large dog ( I am a dog groomer) and then saw Dr again and he did an MRI.\nHe found out that the 3rd disc that was going bad\u2026.has now herniated the whole way out, and the disc above it herniate half way and the one above that isbstill bulging.\nThe only thing Dr did was put me on  75mg of Diclofenac twice a day. Worked at first but has not done too much good recently.\nRecently I have so much pain in my lower back, hips, knees, and ankles. It is affecting my job and my life. I can barely walk, sit, or stand, and I have an extremely hard time sleeping. It is mainly on the left side but I get some pain on the right. I also have numbness on my right calf and foot.\nSo my question is \u2026.\nWhat are my options? The pain is very extreme and almost to the point where I can\u2019t do much of anything. I DO NOT want to take a bunch of pills or do physical therapy again. But I also don\u2019t wanna jump into surgery.\nI\u2019m just trying to figure out my options and go from there .I plan on talking to a different back specialist very soon.I have in closed a picture of the left side is my back in 2012 and on the right side is my back now in 2016", "title": "I had a really bad accident and my horse flipped on top of me?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m concerned about this open sore on my face pictures are attached", "title": "I\u2019m concerned about this open sore on my face?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) im 25, I have been experiencing headaches that are throbbing primarily in the back/top of my head sometimes it will travel to my forehead and eyes, I been having dizzy spells, being forgetful and sometimes it\u2019ll stop me in me right in my track, joint paines in my wrists knees ankles and underside of feet usually follows by a shock like pain traveling though out the areas. I have troubling sleeping most nights and sometimes I get these cold chills. This has been going for a few months and doesn\u2019t seem to get better. Could someone tell me what they think it could be", "title": "I have been experiencing headaches that are throbbing primarily in the back/top of my head?"}
{"text": "Hi. My mother is 44 and has been recently diagnosed with (G2) adenocarcinoma stomach. There is no visible bleeding. Just internal bleeding through stool.\nI\u2019m posting her PET scan review:\nbove scan was reviewed and the following comments were offered.\nFinding:\nStomach shows irregular wall thickening involving cardia, fundus & body along lesser curvature of stomach\n(thickness 4.0 cm, SUV max 14.6). It is abutting the inferior surface of spleen. Fat planes between stomach\nand spleen appears lost at places.\nFew mildly metabolically active perigastric lymphnodes are seen (largest 1.6 x 0.7 cm, SUV max 4.3).\nIncreased tracer uptake was seen in level VI lymphnode. This appears unrelated to primary disease process.\nRight lung upper lobe shows a calcified nodule. Rest of the both lungs are unremarkable. No metabolically\ninactive or metabolically active nodules or infiltrates are seen.\nTrachea and main stem bronchi appear unremarkable. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or metabolically\nactive pleural abnormalities.\nA subcm metabolically active superior mediastinal lymphnode is also seen (SUV max 5.2).\nNo metabolically active lesions were seen in nasopharynx, oral cavity, oropharynx, larynx and hypopharynx.\nMajor salivary glands appear unremarkable. No metabolically active lesion was seen in the thyroid.\nNo significant metabolically active cervical lymphadenopathy was seen.\nLiver shows physiological tracer distribution. No significant metabolically active lesions were noted in\nboth lobes of liver.\nGall bladder is visualized. No significant metabolically active abnormalities are seen in gall bladder.\nSpleen shows physiological tracer distribution. No metabolically active lesions were noted.\nNo metabolically active abnormality was seen in the pancreas.\nBilateral adrenals and kidneys are unremarkable and show physiological tracer distribution.\nSmall and large bowel shows physiological tracer distribution.\nNo metabolically active abnormalities were seen in the mesentery.\nREVIEW OF OUTSIDE PET-CT\nRectum shows physiological tracer distribution.\nNo significant metabolically active pelvic lymphadenopathy was noted.\nBoth axial and appendicular skeletal system show physiological tracer distribution.\nUrinary bladder is not well distended and show physiological tracer distribution.\nRest of the body shows normal physiological tracer uptake.\nIMPRESSION:\n1. Metabolically active stomach wall thickening (with extension & involvements) with perigastric lymphnodal\ninvolvement as described.\n2. No other metabolically active disease elsewhere in the body.Her haemoglobin count is 6.6 due to which doctors suggested to go for chemotherapy.\nI wanted to know if it\u2019s the best option? What would be the success rate of the treatment. Is there any other alternative?\nThank you.", "title": "My mother is diagnosed with (G2) adenocarcinoma stomach, is chemotherapy the best option?"}
{"text": "I am an 18 year old female. Just discovered a 4cm x 4cm cyst inside my left ovary via ultrasound. I have been in excruciating pain the last few months. The pain is very intense on my left side, and radiates in my lower back down my tailbone. I am constantly feeling full and eating makes me very nauseous. Whenever I eat, it feels like I overate and am on the verge of vomiting. I often feel bloated also. Lightheadedness happens frequently. It also causes me to lose use of my left upper leg at times. Exercise, especially running, causes a severe stabbing pain in my lower left abdomen.  I have irregular periods, and often bleed for 2 or 3 weeks. I have never taken birth control pills & I am not sexually active.~Will my ovary need removed probably?\n~Could this be endometriosis?\n~Should I be scared? (I am seeing an ob gyn soon)***I am adopted therefore have no knowledge of medical histor", "title": "Just discovered a 4cm x 4cm cyst inside my left ovary via ultrasound, will ovary need removal?"}
{"text": "I am a 35 year old male with no significant health issues. I recently have this rash ulceration on my arm and I want to make sure that it is not melanoma. Please help", "title": "I have this rash ulceration, is it melanoma?"}
{"text": "My Daughter 17 years old, she is suffering brain cancer GBM since 1 year, She had undergone for 3 major operation to remove the tumor. The fourth operation is to fixed shunt, now she is always is in a deep sleep. unable to talk, difficulty  in swallowing the food. I wanted to know if i can move forward with further medication or what is your suggestion.You Prompt reply will be appreciated", "title": "My Daughter is suffering brain cancer, now in deep sleep. unable to talk, what do we do now?"}
{"text": "My partner is a 47 year old female who had major abdominal surgery (mesh repair of failed linea alba) just under 6 weeks ago. Prophylactic Clexane wasn\u2019t give first 2 days by mistake then given for four days thereafter. She developed a small blue lump under the second toe on the right foot the day after the op. 2 weeks after the op, she developed distended veins in the left side of the neck \u2013 external jugular, anterior jugular, some small veins joining the two. A few days later she also showed distended veins up into the temple and between her eye and the bridge of her nose. Coincident with the veins becoming obvious, she started suffering pre-syncope when exercising (e.g. 10 minutes walking) culminating in a full syncope episode at 4 weeks post op. She was re-admitted to hospital at this point. d-Dimer significantly raised (more than would be expected from prior surgery). No other markers for inflammation or infection \u2013 surgical wound site appears infection free. Chest X-ray clear. CT Angiogram also clear. ECG clear. Monitoring shows BP is high (at least for this patient) and does not drop during syncope events. Pulse also high (100-110 resting and pushing 150 with low level exercise). Patient feels OK when lying down but gradually develops pre-syncope over 5-10 minutes when upright and walking. Has now developed pea-sized lump in back of left leg around 1.5cm above knee and slightly lateral to the centre line. There is a 2cm diameter bruise adjacent to this and oedema distal to it. We are told Doppler ultrasound of the neck area was clear but weren\u2019t massively impressed by the skill/knowledge of the ultrasonographer. She has now been in hospital 7 days (on a gastroenterology ward under the care of a gastroenterologist!). They have admitted they haven\u2019t a clue what is wrong with her. She has been given a cursory exam by a vascular surgeon who seemed uninterested because the Doppler of the neck was clear. I\u2019d really appreciate suggestions for what possible diagnoses might fit this pattern. To me there\u2019s one obvious suggestion (which I won\u2019t mention because I want to confirm whether I\u2019m going mad or not) but I\u2019m also interested in possible alternatives so we can try to guide the staff into doing something about this. Many thanks in advance for your help", "title": "Partner in hospital 7 days (on a gastroenterology ward under the care of a gastroenterologist!). They have admitted they haven\u2019t a clue what is wrong with her?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m 18 years old and have been into the Emergency room twice with pain in my vagina. It started out with just burning when I urinated but has since escalated into something else. The first trip I made into the ER, I was told I had a simple UTI. I was put on Cephalexin for 7 days but was told to return in 48hrs if my symptoms have not subsided. I ended up having more symptoms such as raw feeling, extreme tenderness,  discharge,  and swelling in my vagina.  I returned back into the ER and was told I do not have a uti but they don\u2019t know why I\u2019m experiencing this. They did a vaginal exam and everything came back normal. What could possibly be going on?", "title": "Have been to emergency twice with vagina pain,  they don\u2019t know why I\u2019m experiencing this?"}
{"text": "I am 27 years old (male). 7 months back I suddenly felt numbness on my left side and tingling with darkness or blindness in my left eye which lasted for about 1 min (several times a day). I did CT Scan, MRI and EEG of brain and doctor told me I have migraine with aura/epilepsy and osteoma ostitis (3.2cmX1.9 cm) on Occipital bone. Numbness was bit controlled after continuing medication but these days it is happening frequently. Currently I\u2019m under these following medicines:\u2013 Topiramate 50 mg twice a day\n\u2013 Gabapentin 300 mg twice a day\n\u2013 Pizotifen BP 0.5 mg once in a night\n\u2013 Thiamine Mononitrate + Pyridoxine Hydrochloride + Cyanocobalamin. Twice a dayBut 1 month back I had fever for 10 days and since then I am experiencing vision problem which are flashes of light, check pattern with lights. I cannot read on white paper and feel comfortable to stay in dark. Retina specialist has confirmed that my eyes are alright. Also I suffer from severe headache sometimes.I am confused whether this vision problem and numbness are related to the tumor or not and what should I do now? It will be highly appreciated if I could get any suggestion from you.** I would also like to mention here that I\u2019m a software engineer by profession for which I need to work with PC for 8-10 hrs a day X 7 days a week.Kind Regards", "title": "I have migraine with aura/epilepsy and osteoma ostitis, now have vision problems and numbness?"}
{"text": "I am 45, facing balance problems, difficulty walking and vertigo from last week. This started 2 years ago but was mild.now i can not walk .feel weakness. I am an anxiety patient and this is worsening i", "title": "I have balance problems, difficulty walking and vertigo?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026). My age is 24 and I am From (\u2026). I am suffering from diarrhea from last 1 month. i am taking antibiotics(Rifaximin 550mg) from last 15 days and lactobacillus capsules but its not working. i am not able to take whey protein and any dairy products from last 1 month.It makes my stomach bloat. I have given my blood test for LFT and Renal Panel. Both the reports are normal. Pls suggest me .i have tried rifaximin 400 mg for 6 days and lacto bacillus . Now from last 1 week i am having rifaximin 550 mg, lacto bacillus and rabiprazole tablet early morning in empty stomach. doctor is saying it will take time to recover . it has happened because of whey protein . but i was taking whey protein from last 4 years. It has never happened with me for this much long time. my body is getting weak day by day. M not sure weather my food is digesting or not. pls suggest me. Thank yo", "title": "Whey protein has caused unstoppable diarrhea, body is getting weaker by the day?"}
{"text": "It\u2019s  been a month and I am still suffering. It started with pining Needles like pain in my left chest and pain in hand. Got scared and did ECG and 2d Echo. This came back normal. Doctor suggested anxiety and acidity reflux and suggested the medicine for same. Things got improved and were feeling well after a week with medication. Then saw blood in the stool. Stool was normal yellow in color but few drops of blood in the pot. Stool color and shape was normal and not thinner or smaller. Doctor suggested hemorrhoid then has the medicine for same \u2026 After 4 to 5 day\u2019s blood disappear and meanwhile gone throw test called sigmoidoscopy. This came back normal with no hemorrhoid or anal fissure or ulcer.  Now I am again suffering with needles like pain in my right side abdomen and groin with some pain in back and also below last rib since three days. Please suggest.", "title": "I have needle like pain in my right side abdomen and groin with some pain in back?"}
{"text": "Age 38. History of seizure but not since age 12. No medications.  Symptoms up and down fever 95* \u2013 102.5 and body aches including teeth even hurting. Nausea but but food stays down just bubbles and yellow stuff. After 20yrs.of trying to conceive I had the brilliant idea to inject my my husbands semen into my uterus after ovulation test was a go without doing research this was a week ago.  Starting yesterday I began having the fever with extreme body aches. How long before symptoms of infection start to show. I fell through the Obama care gap and make too much to get cheap insurance but not enough for help.  Please any info would be a big help.  Thanks bunches", "title": "I had the brilliant idea to inject my my husbands semen into my uterus?"}
{"text": "Hello! I\u2019m 17, and a female. For the medical history, I have asthma and high-blood pressure. Last month I\u2019ve visited a cardiologist for the frequent palpitations, chest pains and dizzyness that I\u2019ve been experiencing but they said that the results are normal, I\u2019ve been taking Propranolol for the chest pains which is prescribed by my doctor and stopped using inhalers for my asthma because they told me to and it can cause my heart to palpitate. I just want to ask about something I\u2019m very worried about these following days. I\u2019ve been experiencing headaches (not severe) on the left side of my head alongside with a neck pain on the leftside also. It feels like the left side of my head is heavier than the right side then it seems like the left side of my body is weaker than the other one and sometimes my head feels lighter. I haven\u2019t consulted a doctor on this case. Can you help me", "title": "I\u2019ve been taking Propranolol for the chest pains, now have headaches and pain on left side of head and body?"}
{"text": "Problems started before 6 months.i do have symptoms like fever, abdominal pain, headache, joint pain,nausia,very weakness,disorders of bowel,bleeding a lot,very very dark urine,etc.i am under a doctor named prof (\u2026).\nMy SGPT is 30,SGOT 44,hemoglobin11.8,hb(A1C) 5.3,Triglyceryde is 187,HDL 33.ALL these are reports result.what has happened to me doctor?what disease i have doctor???Now i am taking viusid powder twice a day,Proviten gold and disopan", "title": "I have symptoms like fever, abdominal pain, headache, joint pain,nausia,very weakness,disorders of bowel,bleeding a lot?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 35, myopia -7.00D. 4 months ago I was diagnosed with macular hole in my left eye. The surgeon said vitrectomy in my case might not be successful due to my age and myopia \u2013 is it still worth risking it", "title": "I was diagnosed with macular hole in my left eye, surgeon said vitrectomy is it still worth risking it?"}
{"text": "I am a 36y/o Hispanic male, 6\u20192, 255lbs. I have HCV, asthma and chronic bronchitis. For the past 4 days I have had bad upper and lower GI cramps followed by a semi-soft bowel movement. The bowel movements occur approx 6-8 times daily. They first started off a normal yellowish-brown then turned a dark green color starting yesterday late afternoon. I did take some bismuth tablets but it\u2019s just a temporary relief. Today I began to feel more nauseated and fatigued than usual. My body feels hot even though it\u2019s cool to warm outside and I have the a/c running when in my truck, but I don\u2019t have the chills. Could this possibly be a viral infection or bacterial? I have leftover sulfa antibiotics at home from a sinus infection I had earlier this year. Could they possibly help alleviate the proble", "title": "I have HCV, asthma and chronic bronchitis. For the past 4 days I have had bad upper and lower GI cramps?"}
{"text": "Female 48 Caucasian i\u2019ll be trying, let Mcdoel, Synthroid .150two years ago I had a giant unexplained weight loss of 60 pounds. The only thing I did differently was take 3 tablespoons of a good quality coconut oil a day.. I lost 60 pounds in about seven months which I needed to loseand kept it on for about a year and three months.no, I have begun rapidly gaining weight. When I realized I was gaining weight again which wasn\u2019t till probably I added 10 or 15 pounds because I was too  \u201cskinny fat\u201d. The only changes I have made was switching to  Costco coconut oil which means all the criteria for a good coconut oil only I did stop taking it because I couldn\u2019t stomach the taste and I had lost the weight and kept it all so I assumed I was in the clear.  I have probably found gained 25 pounds. I have been to my primary care doctor and my gynecologist who both have simply said I don\u2019t know. My primary care physician was very skeptical skeptical of that coconut oil cause me to lose weight In the first place. No I am concerned it\u2019s possibly pre-diabetes? I don\u2019t understand why that was never mentioned to me as a possibility unless possibly tests were done to check for that and I didn\u2019t know-I know she checked my liver and kidney functionality and my thyroid which she upped slightly. She has retired but I still go to her group of doctors so I can easily access old tests that she ran. my gynecologist for ovarian cyst and premenopausal I\u2019ve been both are negative. I am now very concerned about diabetes because for the first time I came across something online. Of course, I was so excited I didn\u2019t look for legal reasons for extreme large weight loss. I just figured it coincided with the coconut oil and that\u2019s what was doing it. Of course now I\u2019m gaining weight and not getting answers from doctors- who are good doctors by the way-but I\u2019m all over the Internet about weight gain and just came across something about the possibility of prediabetes.  Turned it in and has five day a week weightlifting a day  and a 2 day a week cardio exercise plan. No weight loss but definitely lost edges but then became ill and stop out and since haven\u2019t had the energy Would this account for an unexplained 60 pound weight loss maintained for a year  followed by unexplained weight gain 30 pounds. My doctors don\u2019t have any answers but I don\u2019t think this is something I can ignore. Can ANYONE PLEASE help me? I am very alarmed. I do have a gap and insurance until January but I will find the money to go to whatever type of doctor I need to go to who will give me ANSWERS if someone can suggest it to me. My worst fear is gaining that 60 pounds back again. I can\u2019t do that again. I watch the world out the window and have no energy to do anything. This weight on it was like a miracle a modeling is the life of a completely different way. I had the energy to take a walk on the beach instead of just saying \u201cno- I\u2019ll stay here while my kids went and I gave them their boundaries.\nPLEASE HELP- no one seems concerned I change that no doctors seem concerned", "title": "I am concerned I am possibly pre-diabetes?"}
{"text": "I am a 44 years old female. I have been treated with bipolar disorder since I was 20.At the age of 32 I had a brestfeeding psychosis, a psychotic phase.I am taking 10mg AGRIPPA, 100 mg of SEROQUEL and 0,5 mg of RIVOTRIL at night. Lately I started to have social phobia as well and I am defenetely feeling depressed, low.My psychiatrist doesn\u2019t want to prescribe any antidepressants for me, because she thinks it will trigger a manic phase.BUT my social anxiety is really bad, I can\u2019t write and I can\u2019t eat in front of others,plus I really feel very low lately( constant tiredness, a total lack of interest towards other human beings, a total lack of joy, very-very low self-esteem)", "title": "I have been treated with bipolar disorder, My psychiatrist doesn\u2019t want to prescribe any antidepressant?"}
{"text": "13, female, only surgery :age 4 skull fracture (back of head)\nStarted October 15\nabdominal pain\nhallucinations (3) (ended after rest)\narm pain\nleg pain\nshaking\nhard time walking\nhard time reading\nchest pain (ended after took Ibprofen)\nthroat pain (ended after took Ibprofen)\nred patches of skin on thy (right thy) (ended after 2 days)\nnausea (puked 9 times)\nfast heartbeat\nMeds I have taken since symptoms started\nibprofen (20)\nmenstrual complete (10)\nallergy meds (20)\npepto bismol (1", "title": "I have abdominal pain,  hallucinations, arm pain,  leg pain and shaking?"}
{"text": "a couple years ago my hand swelled up and turned purple and looked like a blood clot on top of my hand. a couple weeks later I was diagnosed with tos. I had to have a cervical rib resection. I still have pain in my arm, shoulder and hand from that. atleast that\u2019s all I know it can be. I also have red blotchy, arms and legs and they get very weak at times. I literally feel the blood flow and when it stops. for a couple years now the right side of my face will out of no where get a strange numbing/tingling feeling and I almostfeel like im on drugs. (I am definitely not). my wrist hurts terribly especially after my finger lock up in strange positions. my fingers have done that for years but now my wrist is killing me. my right eye sometimes get off focused or blurring for a few but goes back. I have for at least 5 years had trouble with my bowels (constipation). I have to be careful what I drink because I will get a bladder infection very easily and kidney stones. I am 34 years old. I have 3 kids. all C-section. I had a hysterectomy 6 years ago because I always had abdominal pain. sometimes still do but probably from constipation. my question is are all of these symptoms related to one thing or do I really have multiple issues? my doctors think I am a mystery but I need answer", "title": "I have Thoracic Outlet Syndrome (TOS) with multiple issues, doctor thinks I\u2019m a mystery?"}
{"text": "I am a 25 year old female. Physical therapy student, with no significant medical history. Not taking any medications. I have had this rash for about 2-3 months now. I typically get a couple small, super dry spots on my skin every winter, but this year those small spots grew much bigger. They are extremely itchy and have been keeping me up at night. Sometimes they are painful. I have been using Eucerin eczema relief which has sort of helped, but it\u2019s still getting worse.", "title": "I have had this rash for about 2-3 months now?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 22 years old, male, I was diagnosed either mitrial valve prolapse in 2003 and I\u2019m currently prescribed a 1mg tablet of ativan to take as needed to treat anxiety. My name is 9\u2026).Long story short, I\u2019ve been having trouble with dizziness, feeling like totally disconnected, weird feelings in my head, can\u2019t seem to get myself to focus and concentrate, etc. Just an overall troubled feeling in my head ever since I was diagnosed with an acute sinus infection/upper respiratory infection & possibly the beginnings of walking pneumonia and was given a course of antibiotics and a course of steroids. I forgot the dosages, I apologize for that.1 month down the road I was told I had vertigo via some eye test he gave me with a light that i followed to show how they move (I dont know if that matters or helps) and fluid behind the ears. My doctor prescribed meclizine and it didn\u2019t help at all and gave me heart palpitations besides.Now we\u2019re 2 months down the road and I\u2019m still having trouble but then came all the lack of focus and concentration etc I described. Today I\u2019ve gone to my doctor again and he says the fluid is mostly gone from my middle ear. He conducted a basic neurological exam along with that light test again and he claims I till have a little vertigo still. Also he claims I have nothing neurological to worry about. I\u2019m still feeling worse somewhat and am still concerned.My question is do you think 1) all of this could be connected to the vertigo or not so much??2) do you think I should press for a CT scan or MRI just to be safe?? I admit I\u2019m a hypochondriac but Ivery never experienced anything like this before. Now I\u2019ve one some homework on like brain cancer and things like that. I haven\u2019t threw up or lost the use of any limbs or anything like that but I\u2019m still concerned there may be something brain related going on.Do I have reason for concern because this has drawn out for over 2 months??I appreciate any help you can give me. Thank you and God bless", "title": "I was diagnosed mitrial valve prolapse, hard to focus and concentrate, need CT or MRI?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 15 and female. Previously I have had alopecia Areata and eczema. I have cold hands almost all the time, even in the summer. They don\u2019t really change in colour, just go a bit patchy and pale. When I hand something to someone they feel my hand and say how freezing my hands are which causes embarrassment. My skin is generally really pale anyway. I also lack concentration and coordination.\nWhat could this be", "title": "I have cold hands almost all the time, even in the summer?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m a 21 year old, tall & Lanky about 155-160 lbs and about 6 months ago I had a spontaneous pneumothorax and I ended up getting a chest tube on the left lung and was in the hospital for about a week an a half. Well they blew it up the best it would and they said it\u2019s still short about 10% Well every since then I have had pain on my left side pretty much identical to when my lung collapsed before. At times it can seem to get really bad and make it where I need to sit down and close my eyes cause I get dizzy and the pain is unbearable sometimes but it eventually goes back to normal to where it\u2019s bearable. The pain isn\u2019t always bad enough to notice but at least twice a day it gets bad enough to where I need to relax. My breathing is usually fine until the pain kicks up a notch and hurts bad then it\u2019s hard to breathe and my side just aches like a knife got shoved in there. Any ideas? Thank yo", "title": "I had a spontaneous pneumothorax and I ended up getting a chest tube on the left lung?"}
{"text": "I am 68 and I am having this dry skin condition after medication for diabetics and cardio vascular (medicine like betaloc 100 mg, ismo, trevidon, atocar, etc.). Suggest me some solution for this condition. Would like to take external cream or lotion and soap for bathing. Thank you! Allopathy medicine preferred", "title": "I am having this dry skin condition after medication for diabetics and cardio vascular medicine?"}
{"text": "I am 26 yrs old, female. I have been coughing since last two months. I am taking anti histamin tablet but it does not work. I am coughing continuously. i am feeling itchiness inside my chest and throat. This make my body weaker day by day and cannot concentrate on my work", "title": "I have been coughing since last two months. I am taking anti histamin tablet but it does not work?"}
{"text": "hi, I have Gilbert\u2019s syndrome, the yellow tinge of my eyes due to this can be very distressing. I heard about phenobarbital but low dosage can help. What do you think", "title": "I have Gilbert\u2019s syndrome, the yellow tinge of my eyes due to this can be very distressing?"}
{"text": "I am a 41 year old female. I have been having pain in my mid back mostly leftnside but does move to the right.  I also  have pain in my lower left rib cage.  Lately the pain seems to move from left to right in my back and both sides.  What could this be cause by.  Oh and sometimes the pain is stabbing", "title": "I have been having pain in my mid back, left and right side\u2026at times stabbing?"}
{"text": "I am interested in implanting a Bio-Thermo RFID. I had a quick question regarding implant site. Temperature consistency is important to me, but the armpit or inner bicep is out of the question. I wanted to ask if it would be safe to implant over the ilium, just inside the hip bone (>2 cm away from bone). It seems as though the bone would protect the chip from blunt trauma and as hips aren\u2019t often exposed to open air the readings should be more consistent than, say, a forearm. From what I\u2019ve read so far, there are no nerves that would be at risk of being damaged in this region, but I wanted to reach out and ask your opinion on this", "title": "I am interested in implanting a Bio-Thermo RFID?"}
{"text": "Hi! My name is (\u2026) I\u2019m a female and 18 I\u2019m 5\u20195 and 145lbs. As I know of I don\u2019t have any medical problems except migraines that I am on medication for and have been for almost a year. Just these past months randomly I\u2019ve felt nauseous, constipated, dry mouth, dizziness, light headed, headache, tunnel vision, weakness, shortness of breath, randomly extremely hot and then randomly extremely cold. This week it has been like this everyday and seems to get worse each day! Any ideas what it could be", "title": "I feel randomly extremely hot and then randomly extremely cold, getting worse?"}
{"text": "My grandfather (71 years old ) was the victim of a medical mistake as doctors has given him wrong medicines that decreased so much the potassium and sodium in his blood making his walking hard but now they are giving him the cure or correction he is getting better as he can walk alone with the walker but how much does it take to go completely away , to regain his strengths", "title": "My grandfather (71 years old ) was the victim of a medical mistake?"}
{"text": "Hi, my name is (\u2026). I have this weird problem. About 3 weeks ago I started getting a strange feeling on my left ear. It was like a hair was tickling it or a bug was on it. This was on the outer ear not the inner. Then today I woke up and my left ear is numb, not completely  but it\u2019s certainly dulled. The area around my ear has also gone numb. On my face and in my hair. Do you have any idea what it could be? Thank", "title": "Today I woke up and my left ear is numb?"}
{"text": "45yr old female take blood pressure  med 2.5 lisapral I have feet pain that happens after  I have been on them for an hour and then I set down for 15 mins  and I want to cry when I stand back up they hurt on a scale of 10 being the worst-case  and no one has been able to tell me why this happens  by the end of the day they hurt if I stand or set any thing that could hel", "title": "I have feet pain. I want to cry when I stand back up they hurt on a scale of 10, no one knows why?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m a 27 year old male, healthy and fit. I hurt my back in 2010 deadlifting, the doctor thought it was either a herniated or bulging disc, I had sciatica in both legs. This lasted for two years, my symptoms got real bad, it was almost the exact description of cauda equina where I would feel like I don\u2019t have control over my bowels and urine though I never lost control of either. I would feel like I have to urinate all the time along with the sciatica pain. Then after 2 full years I was given an MRI, it was negative. I started physical therapy and the sciatica went away. Now 6 years sicne the injury I am still having abdominal issues. My abs cramp up and it feels at times like my stomach is protruding towards the top and other times at the bottom. Then at times it goes flat. Even then though it feels like my stomach or intestines are spasming. I pass bowel movement too often and sometimes have diarhea through not common. I feel like I have to go pee even after i go pee at times. This is also causing erectile dysfunction i.e. I don\u2019t get an erection easily and cannot maintain it long enough for intercourse. MY lower abdominal area feels like it\u2019s spasmed. I was diagnosed with stiff hamstrings, stiff hip flexors (psoas major) and a possible tear in my rectus abdominus at some point which has been repaired with scar tissue making it stiffer than usual. I am working on stretching regularly to build more flexibility. The lingering issues are: stomach prortudes after urinating and showering for a few minutes, trouble getting and maintaining an erection, lower abs feel like they are spasming (stomach/intestines), there is a belt across the lower abs that feels tender to the touch almost as if it\u2019s torn and everything under it feels like it\u2019s spasming. I don\u2019t know what to do, is my rectus abdominus causing all this? Is it torn? what should I do", "title": "I hurt my back dead lifting, I had sciatica in both legs. This lasted for two years, my symptoms now got real bad?"}
{"text": "I had sex for the first time with a massage girl using condom, she used one condom for bj and later used second condom on first one so I had sex using two condoms at same time for less than a minute. She said she is safe and then i started to fully penetrate her. My doubt is what are the chances of HIV/STD, as STD can transmit from infected person to uninfected person through mucous membrane. If the uninfected person has no cuts or open lesions and used condom can he get STD?(picture of scrotum with blisters", "title": "What are the chances of HIV/STD, as STD can transmit from infected person to uninfected person through mucous membrane?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019ve had about 5 concussions within the past three years. The first at a concert hitting a sold metal bar at speed and knocking myself on conscious. At the time i never had an MRI because i was never told that you should by the first aider. Second was in a little bump in the car (i got hit by the wing mirror at speed). Third to fifth i was just clumsy each time and saw a GP for each. My problem now is that i\u2019m finding with each concussion it takes smaller and smaller knocks to cause a problem. Now very small bumps to the head or if i move my head forward fast i start getting very bad symptoms to that of a concussion. I have also been having vision problems the past year where if i look at an object it looks like its moving in and out \u2018breathing\u2019 and if there are patterns on the wall or floor the pattern will move inwards on itself. I don\u2019t know if the concussions and vision issues are related. I jolted my head forward yesterday and felt it move inside my head. I\u2019ve been having extreme headaches and some nausea since but haven\u2019t seen a DR yet. I should mention i did head bang quite a lot when i attended concerts. So i\u2019m just asking for advice on what could be happening and any info would be great thanks. Age 21, Female", "title": "Suffered multiple concussions, now having headaches, nausea and vision issues?"}
{"text": "23, female, taking Wellbutrin and TriNessaI am having difficulty staying hydrated. When I try to drink any substantial amount of water, I feel sick and get diarrhea within 30 minutes. It doesn\u2019t matter if I\u2019ve recently eaten or not, and filtered vs. tap water doesn\u2019t make a difference either. This has been going on for at least six months, off and on. More recently, within the last month, I\u2019ve been having some chest pain on the left side that feels like heart burn, and some palpitations. My GP said my heart is fine, so I think it\u2019s because I\u2019m always dehydrated. What can I do to keep from getting sick off water", "title": "When I try to drink any substantial amount of water, I feel sick and get diarrhea?"}
{"text": "For the past several weeks, I\u2019ve had pain in my throat, but it\u2019s been spreading.  At first it was in my throat itself, at the front deep down closer to where my neck reaches my torso.  Because my teeth are falling apart and I can\u2019t hardly chew food, I thought maybe it was sore from under-chewing food, but that was before the pain has spread.  It feels like the entire front of my neck and now even the top of my chest around my neck are sensitive and I sort of feel like I\u2019m being strangled when something touches near the base of my neck.I\u2019m male, aged 37.  I have never smoked, neither cigarettes nor marijuana, and very rarely drink alcohol.  I have never huffed anything.  I\u2019m not sure what might be causing this pain", "title": "I\u2019ve had pain in my throat, but it\u2019s been spreading?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 20 year old female. I get sick maybe once a year and it\u2019s usually just a cold. I\u2019ve been diagnosed with Strep but my test came back negative. This happened around the same time last year as well, also a negative test result. I\u2019ve been on antibiotics for over 48hrs but have had no change in my condition. My throat has actually began to feel worse. My tonsils are swollen but I have no visible pus or stones on them. I\u2019ve been throwing up any meals I eat that are larger than just a single banana here and there (I NEVER throw up. I\u2019m cursed with some sort of stomach of steel that would rather I suffer through a belly ache for days rather than just getting whatever the problem is out). I\u2019m still getting cold sweats and feeling slightly feverish. I was prescribed Amoxicillin 875mg twice daily. Picture attached of what my throat looks like toda", "title": "I\u2019ve been diagnosed with Strep but my test came back negative?"}
{"text": "Hi, I am 33 and have fracture in 5th metatarsal bone in my right foot. I have attached the recent xray image. its been 4 weeks since fracture but n major recovery. I have no swelling in my foot and pain also but fracture is there. I am in cast boot. Do I need to go for surgery or it will heal naturally and will it form any deformity in my foot which can cause pain later on. Please advise", "title": "I have fracture in 5th metatarsal bone in my right foot. Do I need to go for surgery?"}
{"text": "What does it mean if my fine needle aspiration came back saying I have bone marrow and plasmacytoid cells in the lump in my neck?\n I go see a oncologist/ hematologist in a couple weeks, but I am wondering if I should be worried. My doctor said it is extremely rare, like .4% of people have this. Heck it may even be a great thing! I don\u2019t know? Thank you in advance", "title": "Had fine needle aspiration- Result : I have bone marrow and plasmacytoid cells in neck?"}
{"text": "I have muscle stiffness on my neck,my facial muscles and (Temporomandibular Joint Disorders) tmj Also become stiff.it also has a grip on my ocular muscles.\nRight side is more affected than left\nI can\u2019t focus,concentrate and  forget easily.\nMy ent,ophthalmologist,dentist and neurologist all have said there is nothing wrong related to their respective field.\nI have this grip on me from the time I wake up till I go to sleep.\nIt gets better for a while when I wake up but then start again immediately.\nIt\u2019s not migraine,could be anxiety or stress but don\u2019t have any issues in my life and I also took antidepressants for 3months but to no vail.\nThe last is postural changes in my spine or neck causing it,I\u2019ve had regular physiotherapy and neck massages and stretches but it\u2019s still there although there\u2019s some relaxation after all these.\nNow I\u2019ve run out of option any one having any other differential or anything ?My labs are fine.,my MRI showed multiple demyelinating foci in bilateral frontoparietal lobe.im 25 my neurologist said it\u2019s nothing just plaques probably normal but might also turn into MS. And the muscle spasm could also be a result of it.\nBut the area of demyelination isn\u2019t characteristic of MS", "title": "I have muscle stiffness on my neck,my facial muscles and (Temporomandibular Joint Disorders) tmj?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 19 year old female with no medical history (besides an allergy to penicillin). Recently, I have had a reaction that has concerned me. After a night out with friends, the next day I had convulsions, nausea, vomiting (to the point of bile), migraines, fever, hot and cold flushes. I had drunk a glass of water per standard drink and had eaten before and after drinking. As this had only occurred for the first time, I decided I must have drunk too much and I left it. Recently, I went out with friends again, I had no more than 10 standard drinks over 8 hours (I have drunk more than this before with the same types of alcohol and had no reaction), however I had this reaction again, but more severe. I had all the same symptoms, but my convulsions were more severe and lasted for a longer period of time, I also was semi-conscious (fading in and out), I had some visual and audio hallucinations, and my hot and cold flushes were more extreme. Most concernedly, I felt an intense cold, stabbing pain in my liver (as in, in the specific area where I knew my liver was, and to me it felt like I could feel the entire organ go cold and shut down). This again was all the next morning, and I had eaten before and after and drank at least one glass of water per standard drink. As this reaction was more severe, with less alcohol, and with alcohol that I have drunk before but with no reaction, I am very concerned as to what is causing it. I know it isn\u2019t the type of alcohol, the amount of water, the meal\u2019s I ate, or the amount of sleep I had had already", "title": "I had convulsions, nausea, vomiting (to the point of bile), migraines, fever, hot and cold flushes?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been suffering from at times debilitating pelvic pain for a year and a half. It primarily affects my bladder, lady parts and colon/intestines and will feel like I\u2019m literally being stabbed when it flares. It now rules my life and nobody is finding exactly what is going on. I was initially diagnosed with Interstitial Cystitis, and then another Urologist told me he didn\u2019t think I had it. Then the same happened with Endometriosis. Other symptoms include pain sometimes intensifying about an hour or so after I eat, ANY pressure on my pelvis \u2013 I can barely wear pants or tolerate a seat belt, aggravation with being on my feet or exercise (gravity/pressure). I feel bloated and sometimes my bowels are compromised\u2026 it will be hard at the beginning, then totally loose and I never feel like I\u2019m fully emptying. It hurts to push when I urinate and my bladder definitely has been uncomfortable. The pain is becoming too much and I\u2019ve met too many Dr\u2019s who don\u2019t believe me and just think I\u2019m trying to inappropriately get my hands on pain meds, while I\u2019m legitimately suffering. I don\u2019t know what to do", "title": "I\u2019ve had debilitating pelvic pain for over a year. It affects my bladder, lady parts and colon/intestines?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a young athlete and my period is such a hassle. I just wish I could get rid of it. It\u2019s irregular and lasts for 7-8 days. My past few periods have been unbearable- 8 days long and terrible cramps. I don\u2019t want to go on the pill because emotionally my hormones have balanced out and I\u2019m worried that if I take any form of birth control it will mess that up. I\u2019ve started considering a hysterectomy just to get rid of it but I can\u2019t really take time off from my training. I just don\u2019t know what to do", "title": "I\u2019m a young athlete and my period is such a hassle, considering a hysterectomy just to get rid of it?"}
{"text": "A 65 yr old lady developed pain in right leg starting from right buttock gradual in onset.which increase during sitting or that part touch to any object.lady is in severe pain and not able to do any activates.we consulted neurosurgeon.mri was done.medical treatment is being given but no significant improvement", "title": "Pain in right leg,  consulted neurosurgeon.mri was done.medical treatment is being given but no significant improvement?"}
{"text": "Hello there. I\u2019m 21 years of age and I\u2019m a female. I moved out of state two years ago and every since then i have been coughing everyday non-stop. I moved backed a year ago to the original state i was from but the coughing wont stop. Sometimes it would get really bad. I would throw up from coughing. Sometimes I would even have a hard time throwing up and my nose would bleed from it. I would also get sharp back pain like someone is digging a knife into my back. I don\u2019t get enough sleep because my coughing is bothering me. The worst time it happens is usually the afternoon when i go to work and the night time when i sleep. No one in my family have ever experienced this before. So i have been thinking of what to do. Please let me know if i should go to a doctor and get a examine or do something. Thank Yo", "title": "I have been coughing everyday non-stop, throwing up and my nose would bleed ?"}
{"text": "I just finished a half marathon two days ago.  I\u2019ve done several before and also a few marathons.  Typically I\u2019m sore and tired the days after but this time it\u2019s different in that I have severe stomach pain.  I felt fine immediately after the run (except for bloody stool).  This is normal for me after long runs and went away within 6 hrs.  I felt fine yesterday.  Then this morning I woke up with extreme nausea (vomitted).  But the worst part is the extreme stomach pain throughout my entire abdomen and stomach.  It feels like I got kicked or punched all over it.  And I have chills.  Even despite a bowel movement, I\u2019m still in a lot of pain (doubling over just trying to want to the bathroom).  My question is what caused this?  Could it just be my body isn\u2019t handling the long runs anymore.   However I had training for 3 months prior.   Another thought was that it could be something I ate (food sensitivity). I typically feel very bloated if I eat gluten so I do avoid it.  However for the race I had to carbo load.  Could these symptoms be related to that?  I just want to know what this could be and if it\u2019s needed to go to the doctor", "title": "Marathon runner  woke up with extreme nausea (vomitted) extreme stomach pain?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctor,I am a 19-year old female, underweight but have been active and healthy before the onset of my symptoms.I experience multiple symptoms daily including:\nFatigue\nDizziness\nLightheadedness\nBrief loss of conciousness\nFast resting heart rate\nNumbing of hands\nMuscle twitches\nBreathlessness\nCouging feeling\nChills\nStrange sensations in my chest\nChest pain upon strenuous exerciseThis was how it started.\nSymptoms I had for the first two days were:\nHeart and arteries were pounding\nHeart rate was fast\nReddish face\nFelt very warm/hot\nLeg tingling\nAnxietyThe triggers may have been:\nI ate too much food which compressed my thoraxI may have hypoventilated or did some strange breathing patternIt\u2019s been two months. The results were all normal for:\nBlood tests\nUrine tests\nChest xray\nECG\nEchocardiogram\nBlood pressureThus, most problems have been eliminated. The thing is, I am certain that I am NOT just being anxious or stressed.The only disease I\u2019m worried about is pulmonary hypertension (since I read that diagnosis usually occurs only two years after symptom onset)Is it likely/possible for me to have pulmonary hypertension given the triggers, symptoms and diagnosis? Or are there anything else that could have led to this exact problem?Living life in uncertainty and with strange sypmtoms \ud83d\ude1bThank you very much for answering", "title": "Is it likely/possible for me to have pulmonary hypertension given the triggers, symptoms and diagnosis?"}
{"text": "Hi. Im (\u2026)r and im 31 years old. I had an ultra sound for my first pregnancy test few weeks ago but was told there is no heartbeat. At that time i was about 11 weeks but the radiologist said it was much smaller than what it should be. After hearing that i was very sad. I havent seen a doctor yet and waiting for natural miscarriage. I had no bleeding so far, just mild cramp as if im getting my period and no pregnancy symptoms anymore. Please tell me what should i do? Is it ok to do natural miscarriage? How long does it take for dead fetus to come out? This is my first pregnancy so i need help.Let me know soon\nThank", "title": "I had an ultra sound for my first pregnancy \u2013 no heartbeat. Is it ok to do natural miscarriage?"}
{"text": "I am 2 years post micro discectomy which cured sciatic and lumber pain 3 mths ago I began having 7/10 pain  in same area as op.\nI am on lithium so no anti in flames. I can feel my life slowing up and I have two teenage boys one with disability,should I be asking for an artificial dictionary or at least an mri ct showed nothin", "title": "I am 2 years post micro discectomy which cured sciatic and lumber pain,  my is life slowing up?"}
{"text": "I had non Hodgkin lymphoma when I was 3 and this has left me with weakness in my legs however my pains have started to get worse and now struggling to walk far and stand up for a period of time I was wondering if there was anything that would help me manage the pain", "title": "I had non Hodgkin lymphoma what can help me manage the pain?"}
{"text": "Hi there I\u2019m a 18 years old girl, I weight 115-120, I\u2019m 5\u20194, I\u2019ve been on ADHD medication for several years now, I tried a lot of things such as concerta, adderall, clonidine, intuniv. I am now on 80mg (2 pills of 40mg) of Vyvanse. I feel like I don\u2019t have any sexual drive/libido, I am in a happy/healthy relationship and I feel like something\u2019s missing! I should be wanting sex, so I was wondering if low libido was a common/uncommon side effect affiliated with Vyvanse and if there is something I could try to get it back change dosages change my pills extra\u2026 thank you in advance", "title": "I\u2019ve been on ADHD medication for several years now,don\u2019t have any sexual drive/libido?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 19 I am a female and I have been experiencing cramping blood in my stool and large black spots and intense nausea I really would like to know what do you think could be the cause of this this has been happening for 4 months now", "title": "I have cramping blood in my stool and large black spots and intense nausea?"}
{"text": "All of a sudden throats started to hurt from 3 days ago, then all the stuff on the feet started to appear. At first there were one or two on each foot, now there are 50 on each foot. Really really painful, swelling bad, sometimes itchy.\nNow the pinky on my hand appears to have the same thing.\nHave low fever as well", "title": "Throat hurts, growth on feet appear, fever too?"}
{"text": "I am a 27 year old female, about 5 stone over weight. Since march this year I have been experiencing skipped beats at night time when falling asleep, sometimes my arms and legs twitch with it, several times till I nodd off. I have this odd pressure in my chest that comes and goes, with a back ache and tight neck. Chest pressure seems to reappear when I eat certain foods or have a beer\u2026.I had a 48 hour heart monitor 3 months ago because of the palpitations. I have an irregular pulse that comes and goes and a slightly long qt as stated by my gp, however after seeing the cardiologist after my heart monitor his write up said that my heart was normal? Normal variant ect\u2026I belch alot and sometimes have to make myself sick as feel like my food just sits there for hours on end, this also makes my chest pressure worse when I make myself sick. I have absolutely terrified myself at night now as am petrified to go to sleep as the skipped beats always start up. The anxiety only came along after the palpitations presented themselves to note. Any person would suffer some anxiety when the heart is involved. What is wrong with me? My GP said that I have a hernia but it was never picked up on my endoscopy few weeks back? How would he know that if it was never seen on the endoscopy? What\u2019s causing my chest pressure all day and skipped beats at night? I have indeterminate colitis, asthma. I\u2019m on mesalazine. Steroid inhalers (palpitations were there before I started on this medication) omeprazole", "title": "I have been experiencing skipped beats at night time when falling asleep?"}
{"text": "Does taking prednsolone change the antibodies your have already acquired for an old herpes 2 infection as I will be using it while pregnant for the first 3 months of pregnancy starting from when I transfer embryo till I am 3 months along then I will stop using it. will baby still get protection from my herpes antibodies like abnormal baby while inside me", "title": "Does taking prednsolone change the antibodies you have already acquired for an old herpes 2 infection?"}
{"text": "I am 33 years old male. Taking medications for hypertension. Recently took a blood test and everything was normal except cholesterol. I was having dark and thickened spots in my finger skin for few months. Now it\u2019s started to crackle. I have attached the picture", "title": "I was having dark and thickened spots in my finger skin for few months. Now it\u2019s started to crackle?"}
{"text": "Hi,\nMy family physician isn\u2019t sure of what\u2019s going on with me. First of all I\u2019m 25 year old and female have been pretty much healthy all my life, I stay pretty active and have a physically demanding job. Last week I noticed a swollen lymph node under my arm. I\u2019ve had chronic fatigue for close to a year now, joint pain, body aches mainly in my left shoulder and right hip. I\u2019ve also noticed recently that at any point during the day I run a low grade fever, sometimes most of the day. I have started having night sweats also. My blood work is sort of a concern for me. My wbc, rbc, and neut levels are not flagging high but have increased since my last bloodwork in August. My dr ran antibody tests this time and my ANA and JO-1 are both critically high. Any idea", "title": "Chronic fatigue, joint pain, low grade fever, night sweats, family physician doesn\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong?"}
{"text": "Hiee sir,I am a dentist myself.I have a non tender left sub mandibular lymph mode swelling which is non tender. Its just palpabale the onset was sudden I don\u2019t have any accompanying cold or anything.I have history of occasional smoking since past 4 yrs frequency less than 20 CIG per month. Can it be cancerous?", "title": "I have a non tender left sub mandibular lymph mode swelling,can it be cancerous??"}
{"text": "(30yo Male) A year ago, I had an arthroscopy on my right ankle to treat an osteochondral lesion of the talus. Days later, I was having breathing issues and had a pain my right calf. I was diagnosed with DVT in my right leg, multiple PE\u2019s, and was given a 6 month course of Xeralto. I had this same operation again 2 weeks ago, only this time I was put on a prophylactic course of Clexane (120mg/day) for 1 week, then 20mg/day of Xeralto. Today I have the same ache in my LEFT calf. Is it at all likely to be DVT", "title": "I had an arthroscopy, breathing issues, diagnosed deep vein thrombosis right leg, now in left?"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m a 32 year old male. I had a kidney stent put in a month ago after my surgery failed to remove a 7mm kidney stone from left kidney. I had and extremely bad reaction to the stent. Excessive blood fever and crippling pain constantly peeing myself. I had liposcopic laser lipotripsy surgery 3 days ago to blast/remove the stone and stent removal. My kidney is still extremely swollen with fever that started today. There is little blood in my urine but there is a constant dripping of blood from my penis. It started when I woke up from surgery and has not stopped bleeding since and has not gotten liter in flow. The doctor declined a follow up visit or the global if I want to come back. Been very light headed from blood loss. Been wearing adult diapers but can\u2019t stop flow of blood. I\u2019m very scared and the doctors office takes several days to respond once you call when they open Monday. I\u2019m not sure if this is normal or what to do. I am a self pay with no insurance. I payed for operation with everything in my savings. The hospital says I don\u2019t qualify for patient assistants or Medicare and won\u2019t help me hence why I had the second surgery done outpatient at surgery center. I\u2019m a taking cipro and perkcet. Thank you for your time", "title": "I had bad reaction to kidney stent and removal, constant drip of blood from penis?"}
{"text": "I am 57 , male and have osteoarthritis left knee, emphysema, sleep apnea and depression. my meds are paxil, buspar, Lisinopril and lovastatin. my symptoms now are stomach issues. I started getting mild sickness after eating about 1 year ago. it has now progressed to a full feeling all day. not bad in the morning until I have my first cup of coffee then feel full. I put off eating until later in the day because once I eat I become overly full and feel kind of lethargic the rest of the day. my bowel movements seem normal. I have been to my doctor and had referrals to gastro doctors but am on disability and medicaid. getting a doctor is damn near impossible. closest that would accept me was over 2 hours away. thank yo", "title": "I started getting mild sickness after eating about 1 year ago. it has now progressed?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 34 year old female and I have a strange medical problem. I have frequent days when I feel weak, fatigued, dizzy, chilled, and cloudy headed (like I have a concussion.)  Also,  the past 2 weeks I\u2019ve started getting these terrible skin sores.  They\u2019re big,  swollen, painful clusters of small abscesses each with a pus filled, pimple like heads.  There\u2019s about a thousand heads on each abscess and I can\u2019t pop them because the abscesses are too painful to even touch.  Eventually they fill enough that I can pop them and when I do, there\u2019s coarse black hairs inside. These may be unrelated symptoms but I\u2019m fairly healthy and it\u2019s doubtful I have 2 weird issues.  What could this be", "title": "I have a strange medical problem feel weak, fatigued, dizzy, chilled, and cloudy headed, terrible skin sores?"}
{"text": "I have hyperpigmentation around my mouth, it there for almost ten years now, don\u2019t know what needs be done.\nI don\u2019t want to user hydroquinone , carticosteriods, and chemical peels  as I have already tried them and every time it keeps coming back.\nAnd I usually don\u2019t go out in sun from past few years.\nPlease let me know is this curable", "title": "I have hyperpigmentation around my mouth for ten years, is this curable?"}
{"text": "please find attached reports of my brother few year back he was infected by dengue fever and recover completely after that last year he get attack of sudden fever and pain in entire body his pain was unbearable we take medicine and he get ok , now again yesterday when he was getting ready to go for work he got attack of sudden pain in body his hand finger twisted and fever , i got these tests upon recomendation of a doctor can any body tell me what is actual reason of his disease\u2026.male age 33 year", "title": "Few years back had dengue fever but what is cause of new disease?"}
{"text": "Im 14 years old I have been having abdomenal pain (around my belly button and a little up ) and nausea for the past 4 years This all started 4 years ago the day of my maths exam ..I am not allergic to any foods not medications but my mother,brother and I suffer from migraines.I have done several tests for urin faeces and for lactose these came out all negative but the faeces one came a little bit over the normal amout ( I don\u2019t have any blood with my faeces or anything)  so the doctor recommended a colonoscopy and the stomach one (I\u2019m sorry I don\u2019t know what it is called) the stomach one came normal and the colonoscopy showed a little swelling in the large intestine which the doctor said that they don\u2019t know the reason behind it .. so my doctor recommended that I cut all milk products,cheese and eggs which isn t really making a difference. I also have un regular periods I have only had 3 periods in two years and my obgyn scheduled an ultrasound. I suffer as well from stess I stress for the slitest things .. since then I have been having these Heart burns and what I think is acid reflex no kind of medication worked (my father also suffers from hurt burn and acid reflux), dizziness from the smallest things like people walking and when I stand up (my doctor said that it might be low blood pressure) and since I have scoliosis i have a back brase which I think causes me to when I climb a flight of stairs I have no oxygen and can\u2019t breath . Sometimes when I am on the bed my hearth starts racing like I after a race (my mother has heart problems since she has a hole in her heart) . So my question is if you are familiar with my case and if you have any idea of what I have?can this be cancer or is it stress? Thanks for your time", "title": "14 year old, heart burns, acid reflex, stress, out of breath, can this be cancer or stress?"}
{"text": "I am a 20 year old female. I have been with the same sexual partner for years. We never had sexual encounters with anyone before us. Usually I get cold sores when I eat acidic foods but I don\u2019t know if it is normal to have these red dots on the tip of my tongue & a tiny red clot inside my upper lip. Can this be herpes, HPV, syphilis or some type of std? They do not hurt or bother me, I have just noticed this", "title": "Can this these dots be herpes, hpv, syphillis or some type of std?"}
{"text": "im a44 year old male.medical history would be diagnosed l5s1 large protrusion that i did not have surgery for and in 1994 i tested positive for tb and took inh for 9 months.this all started two weeks ago.i have a dull ache in right testicle when sitting also cough hurts testicle bad.im\nhaving pain that comes and goes.also in lower back behind of pain area in lower abdominal im having a warming pins and needles feeling of the skin.please hel", "title": "I tested positive for Tuberculosis, i have a dull ache in right testicle pain in lower abdominal?"}
{"text": "I am having this severe pain in my buttock, groin,thigh and calf from last one week.\nThen my calf and foot is swollen.\nI am unable to walk. and its getting worse with every passing day.*all this is in just my left leg* Help me please", "title": "I have severe pain and swelling in my buttock, groin,thigh and calf?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 28 year old female. I\u2019m retaining water really bad in my legs. My ankles and feet are so swollen 24/7 that I can\u2019t wear any other shoes other than my flip flops right now. It\u2019s been going on for about 5 years. I\u2019ve been doctoring for it for over 2 years now and they haven\u2019t found anything. I\u2019ve had an ultrasound done on my heart, lungs, kindeys, liver, bladder, uterus an legs. So far they have found nothing. I\u2019ve had multiple blood tests done and they also all came back fine. I limit the amount of salt I intake because I know it makes it worse. I often times wake up with my face an hands swollen as well. I\u2019ve now taken two different types of water pills an neither of them have worked. I have no allergies and I\u2019ve never had any health problems  until recently with the water rentention. I need help trying to figure this out. My family doctor can\u2019t seem to figure out what is causing it. I\u2019m so sick of not being able to wear shoes", "title": "My ankles and feet are swollen 24/7 doctor can\u2019t seem to figure out what is causing it?"}
{"text": "I am a 52 year old white woman.  I am 5\u20194\u2033 and weigh 261 pounds as of this morning.  I have COPD, Bipolar II/Depression, GERD,  Throat and severe vocal cord issues, arthritis.  My medication is fairly long, so here goes:Bumetanide 1 mg tablet:  1 tablet morning and afternoon.\nLow Dose Aspirin 81 mg:  1 tablet morning.\nEscitalopram oxalate 20 mg tablet:  2 tablets morning\nGabapentin 600 mg tablet:  1/2 tab morning/afternoom, 2 tabs night\nProbiotic (Dr. Tobias):  1 capsule morning\nLithium Carbonate 450 mg CR:  2 tablets nightime\nLorazepam 1 mg tablet:  1 tablet nightime\nKlor-Con M20 tablet:  2 tabs morning/night\nLansoprazole DR 30 mn capsule:  1 morning/night\nPramipexole .0125 mg tablet:  4 tablets night\nSimvastatin 40 mg tablet:  1 tablet nightimeRecently prescribed (10/25/16) for upper respitory infection:\nPrednisone 10 mg tablet:  3 tablets in morning starting 10/26/16\nAzithromycin 2t0 mg tablets:  2 tabs as soon as I got home, 1/day for 4 day", "title": "I have urination issues.  I just finish going and when I stand up I have an urgent need to go again?"}
{"text": "Im a male 40. In 2010 a girl gave me oral no intercourse, 3 days later i had burning pee an fell very ill. Doc said UTi but antbiotics didn\u2019t work I felt worse. 3 month later std n HIV neg, My pregnant wife neg. Soon i had chills for days, loss of appetite, and still burning. 1 year later HIV-  ANXIETY! Sometimes my body would feel warm n itching. In 2012 i screened for std n HIV neg-  I am going on an episode of constant throat mucus. An my wife gets yeast infections. It\u2019s been almost 6 years of anxiety, what\u2019s wrong with me? Do i need more testing", "title": "Diagnosed with UTI, HIV positive, HIV negative, 6 years of anxiety what\u2019s wrong with me?"}
{"text": "Hi Dr, age 57, recently my Dr did a blood glucose test on me in our general hospital, FPG result 5.7 and 2 hrs later OGTT result 3.7. Well he claim that I vomited, which was not the case neither did drink any water during the 2 hrs. Then send me for second test, 2 weeks later, again FPG 5.6 and OGTT 3.2. He is puzzled and cannot give any answer , just brushing off the question by saying at least we know you are not diabetic. My question is, why my glucose level drop so much after consuming the glucose? And am I diabetic? Thank you", "title": "Why my glucose level drop so much after consuming glucose, doctor is puzzled and cannot give any answer?"}
{"text": "18 years old, Pressure like pain in my chest, feels like someone is standing on it. Flares up when I take painkillers. Small amount of relief when I lie down and stretch on the ground. Smoke an average amount daily. Not on any other drugs/ do not drink", "title": "Pressure like pain in my chest, feels like someone is standing on it. Flares up when I take painkillers?"}
{"text": "My  84 year old dad has a tumor on his lung PET scan show suspicious, however, he has had two biopsy. One just on the lymph nodes near the the tumor and another one on the lymph nodes again and the tumor itself. Both came back with no diagnosis of cancer. What else might it be", "title": "Tumor on lung PET scan show suspicious, but no cancer diagnsis, what cam it be?"}
{"text": "So I was sent to an entire for this mass in my parotid gland but instead of removing or getting a biopsy he found 3 enlarged lymph nodes under my jaw he removed. The lymph nodes were negative and I feel worse than before 2 weeks after surgery. What is this mass and is it what is causing me to feel like I\u2019m slowly dying? HELP PLEASE!!", "title": "Mass in partoid gland, what is it, I feel like I\u2019m slowly dying?"}
{"text": "I am 35 years,i removed an ovarian dermoid cyst by laparoscopy 14 months ago,i am not getting pregnant,I dis hormone tests,ovarian womb and tubes test and everything is okay and still not getting pregnant.do u think there is a reason?does clomid help? My husband did semen test and he is oka", "title": "I removed an ovarian dermoid cyst by laparoscopy 14 months ago,i am not getting pregnant?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had a lump in my forearm for about a decade that was diagnosed as an aneurysm of the left basilic vein. It gets larger when I play sports or lift weights. The doctor can perform an aneurysmectomy or leave it alone. What do you recommend", "title": "I have aneurysm of the left basilic vein doctor can perform an aneurysmectomy. Need second doctor opinion?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 27, I have PCOS, I have diabetes type 2 but badly I should be on insulin, sometimes my sugar level numbers r 19.5.\nI can\u2019t take metmorfin, as it makes me really sick.\nI have been being sick recently after meals bringing up everything I have ate.\nYesterday I started bleeding again, 14 pad soak through in 5 hour and lots of blood clots, losing a lot of blood.\nAll I want more than anything is a doctor to care and try fix me as I want a baby.\nI don\u2019t know how to fix my body, y I\u2019m bleeding so much, how to stop it and y I am being sic", "title": "I\u2019m 27, I have PCOS, I have diabetes type 2 , losing lots of blood?"}
{"text": "I am a male 60 with metastatic stage4 gastrointestinal cancer. Am on3rd round of chemo. Want to try hemp oil as well during chemo. Is hemp oil the same as cannabis oil? And are there side effects", "title": "I have metastatic stage 4 gastrointestinal cancer, want to try hemp oil or cannabis oil?"}
{"text": "Hello, 40 years male having recurrent (happening a few times during the day \u2013 and night as well); episode will last for just one minute \u2013 no longer than that \u2013 during this time I feel very weak in my left side \u2013 lower lip drops \u2013 can\u2019t talk \u2013 speech is slurred \u2013 feel numbness in my legs and have various sensations all over my body \u2013 including feeling legs are cold or hot \u2013 feeling numbness in my left cheek \u2013 left side of body very weak \u2013 can hardly move fingers \u2013 however I can walk un-aided and raise my arms & hold things; after one minute back to myself \u2013 though numbness does not go away", "title": "I feel numbness in my legs, legs are cold or hot, numbness in my left cheek, can hardly move fingers?"}
{"text": "My husband is 29 and has facial paralysis. It started in January 2016 when he noticed that he was having issues closing his eye, that it was slowing down, not blinking the same as the other etc. he also said that when it all started his ear (on the side of the paralysis) was bothering him, itching him \u2013 not the inside of the ear, but the outside the pinna\u2026After going to the hospital and seeing a neurologist and maxillofacial specialist, it was determined that he facial paralysis.Since then, he has done different types of therapy: he first had injections of Vitamin B and was taking B12 vitamins for a long time; he\u2019s done a couple of rounds of physical therapy (lasting between 2 weeks to 1 month) where they did among other things a magnetic band, massage and other treatments and he was practicing at home, blowing bubbles, chewing gum, etc.He\u2019s also done a few rounds of acupuncture. He took minimal breaks between the treatments, with the longest break being during the summer. He\u2019s gone to check-ups with the initial specialist and with the physical therapist, who haven\u2019t given much information, except maybe to wait a bit before starting something else or to continue doing acupuncture.He\u2019s also done lab work \u2013 checked his thyroid, regular bloodwork, an MRI and all the results have come back ok. The specialist said that he doesn\u2019t believe it is virus-related since there were no other signs of a virus present in the body. He hasn\u2019t done any recent lab work \u2013 all of this was at the beginning.He is continuing to have problems and claims that everything is getting worse \u2013 he is having greater problems with his eye and is using eye drops, but his eye waters, has trouble closing it; also has issues when he drinks or eats and I believe he may be developing synkinesis or something similar because he will show me how if he moves one part of his face, his cheek with also go up..so, my question is what is a next step that he could try or what else can he do in order to help improve it or at least stop the paralysis from getting worse", "title": "My husband is 29 and has facial paralysis, may be developing synkinesis, what can be done next?"}
{"text": "Hello I was wondering where could cause the lymp nod on my left side of neck under jaw to be swollen for 4+ months I have taken amoxicillin and augmentan an neither helped it sometimes is tender other times not I also have some swelling near my left ear and a small lump  the back of my neck that was big an sore bit now small it has been there a month or so. I also get random chest pains but think that maybe asthma/anxiet", "title": "I have lymp nod on my left sides, swelling near my left ear and a small lump, random chest pains"}
{"text": "I am 38 year old female. Carpal tunnel and trigger finger release surgery. Tubal ligation surgery. No surgery or medications for this issue. A year ago had one painful nodule on bottom of foot show up. Had become larger than a pea. In last two months three more have showed up. One closest to original has converged with it making one very large one. The pain is becoming unbearable. A burning tearing sensations occurs during sleep, sitting and activities. The same sensation has moved into my calf and Achilles tendon on same leg. I took a simple step backwards and felt like something tore. It was very sore for a while and I kept it wrapped. It keeps a constant throbbing or aching feeling. The sensations in the foot and leg are keeping me up at night. It is becoming very painful to walk. Experiencing pain towards joint of big toe. Any type of stretching causes excruciating pain.  I am waiting for approval on heath insurance. I have been researching hoping to get a little insight on what might be going on, before I am able to get seen by a doctor", "title": "Painful nodule on bottom of foot , two more now, any type of stretching causes excruciating pain?"}
{"text": "I had a heart attack almost a year ago, I am 25yts old, female, 125lbs, and I\u2019m 5\u20197. Lately I can not get my heart rate down. I have a Fitbit watch and my resting heart rate is between 85-90. Is this something I should be concerned about? I have been experiencing chest pain, but I find the issue is caused by drinking energy drinks", "title": "I\u2019m 25 yr old, had heart attack, heart rate at rest 85-90, chest pain, is it caused by energy drinks?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 19 year old female.  I had rhabdomyosarcoma in my right foot as an 11 month old child. I did high doses of chemo and twice and I had radiation in my lymph nodes near my hip. I was told I may either not be able to have children or I would have trouble. Although I did have my ovaries looked at because the radiation did shrink my hip but my ovaries came out normal size. I started having menstrual problems about a year ago I\u2019ll go a few months without a period then bam! My period shows up. My periods have been normal and on time everyday from 11 years old up till I was 18. I do have unprotected sex almost everyday(I have been told I can have children and that I can\u2019t by others) no birth control and here recently in September I spotted for less than two days very light pink mild cramps and then again this month same thing I am wondering if maybe I should take a PT or just go to the doctor and get lab work to see why my period is mia and if there\u2019s anything I can do\u2026or if anything in my medical background that may posibly be causing it", "title": "I had rhabdomyosarcoma and chemotherapy as a child, I started having menstrual problems?"}
{"text": "I am 20 years old, Male. I am athletic. My symptoms are similar to angina (chest tightens, dizziness, heart throbbing) My heart rate is abnormally high during physical exertion, (209 bpm)These symptoms started 3 months ago in the summer. It has progressively gotten worse.I have done blood work, echo-cardiogram, ECG, Stress test.Results of blood work: Nothing abnormal\nResults of Echo-cardiogram: No plaque buildup, Nothing abnormal\nResults of ECG: No arrhythmia detected, Nothing abnormal\nResults of Stress test: Heart rate quickly spiked to 209 bpm despite fitness level. Symptoms of chest pain started at 190 bpm. No arrhythmia detected.Doctors are stumped as to why I have these symptoms. Need advice on what to do next. (What possibilities can it be? What tests should I take next?)These tests, to my knowledge, have ruled out pretty much everything common. Could it be Coronary Microvascular Disease? Its been 3 months since all this started, I can\u2019t work, I can\u2019t exercise. I just want my life back.I have had no medical problems until this, I do not take medications, I do not have known allergies", "title": "Symptoms are similar to angina , tests all OK, doctors are stumped could it be Coronary Microvascular Disease?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 18, female with no prior medical condition. I have a rash on my upper inner thigh that could possible be an sti. I\u2019ve had it for about a week and it hasn\u2019t gone away but seems to be spreading a bit. It\u2019s not really itchy or painful just annoying to hav", "title": "I have a rash on my upper inner thigh, could be STI, and spreading?"}
{"text": "In May of this year, I had an acute onset of tingling in both my legs. Each leg was tingling from the top of the outer pelvis bone, above the hip joint, to the soles of my feet. The tingling was strong and constant, but was not accompanied by any pain or weakness.I went to the E.R. because my blood pressure was also dangerously high at the time. They gave me something like valium and the blood pressure returned to near normal. (I have had slightly elevated blood pressure for several years, prehypertension.)By the next morning, the tingling had subsided, but it continued to return now and then, never as severe, and never for as long. The frequency and severity of the tingling continued to decrease, but never completely went away.I contacted my primary care physician to discuss the issue. She had me start vitamin B12 and had me do a nerve test of my legs. The nerve test (some electro-shock type of test) said everything looked great. She also started me on blood pressure medication, first hydrochlorothiazide, which gave me some mood side effects, then Losartan potassium, which seems to have gotten my BP very near normal.Over time, I started to experience the same tingling in my hands and my forearms. I also started to notice that all the tingling seemed to be correlated with being in contact with a firm surface. (My hand tingles when I use my computer mouse, the soles of my feet tingle when driving, my legs tingle in bed if one lays across the other, etc.) Generally, if I change position, I can get the tingling to subside or mostly subside.Over the last couple of days, the tingling in my right hand has increased in frequency and strength.My primary care physician has been contacted, but she seems unsure what to think. I\u2019m hoping for some other ideas.SOME MEDICAL HISTORY:\nI have the genetic bone condition osteopetrosis (not osteporosis). I wonder about the condition of the ultra-dense bones in my spine, and the spinal cord, but my primary care physician did not seem concerned about this when I mentioned it to her.I also have metal-on-metal cobalt/chromium hip resurfacing replacements, from 2006. Recent blood tests show cobalt and chromium at very low levels, but not zero.I am a 46 year old male. 6\u20190\u2033, 265 pounds. I have had a yearly blood sugar check and it has always been normal. My primary care physician did another blood sugar check (some test that gives the blood sugar average over recent history) and it was normal as well.ALLERGIES:\nClindamycin \u2013 rash. Likely sensitive to gluten, celiac test was \u201cequivocal\u201d. Have been on gluten-free diet for a few years.MEDICATIONS:\nQnasl spray daily, vitamin D, vitamin B12, Losartan potassiumI appreciate any thoughts or help. Thank you", "title": "I have unexplained acute onset of tingling in both my legs, nerve test shows no problem?"}
{"text": "I am 14, and have no medical history. So here\u2019s the thing, i have symptoms of anxiety, depression and i have alot of mood swings. i can never stay focused and sometimes blank out. I cant ever study well be cause nothing sticks and i need the teacher to repeat what she says so i get it. I will get headaches for no apparent reason and i have trouble sleep, yet im tired everyday. When I search up the what it could be i get a lot of different diseases and disorder. like GAD, bipolar, etc. Ive had these symptoms for a while now", "title": "14 year old, has Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD), bipolar?"}
{"text": "If there is no blood flow to the head, what can be done for an 87 years old patient", "title": "If there is no blood flow to the head, what can be done for an 87 years old patient?"}
{"text": "I need to take the steroid prednisolone for ivf and pregnancy due to auto immune issue and being unable to implant but I have herpes 2 will this affect baby or will baby still be covered by my herpes antibodies even while taking steroids and will taking prednisolone cause problems for m", "title": "I take steroid prednisolone for ivf/pregnancy due to auto immune issue  but I have herpes 2 will this affect baby?"}
{"text": "MRI Results below\u2026 28, Male. There is tearing of the adductor brevis and magnus insertion onto the pubic tubercle, with foci of susceptibility likely representing prior hemorrhage. There is retraction of the adductor tendon for about 1 cm. There is edema and enhancement of the\ndistal right abdominal rectus tendon insertion onto the pubic tubercle, compatible with strain. There is minimal edema within the right pubic tubercle", "title": "What do my MRI results indicate?"}
{"text": "i am 18 years old male..two years back i had lesion in my scrotum of medium size and from there the problems started\u2026nowadays i am having a lot of eyelashes fall,eyebrow and hair fall\u2026itching in body is also there\u2026besides i had painful ulcer in my mouth which treated itsrlf in few days\u2026i also have cold for 2 months which remains constant but does not go away\u2026i think i have got hiv or syphilis\u2026plz help me.", "title": "I had lesion in my scrotum, now eyelashes fall,eyebrow and hair fall\u2026itching in body, mouth ulcers, cold?"}
{"text": "My daughter is 3 years old and has reflux in her kidneys, she has a high temp and has been complaining of a bad stomach and back could this be a sign of a kidney infection", "title": "3 year old daughter had reflux, high temp, bad stomach can it be kidney infection?"}
{"text": "Ok so I\u2019m got g through the last part of my treatment for past breast cancer , herceptin every three weeks from last March until next march. I also almost two months ago just started working basically full time in a grocery store deli which is very very physically demanding.  So about a month ago I started having numb tingly arms and hands I noticed my joints In my finger are red and swollen . It wakes me up all night from painful numbness ,and .my back and shoulders are always knotted up . Tplight I was rubbing the knots out of my neck and I got a little dizzy. It wentailed away but now three of my fingers on my right hand are painfully numb. I\u2019m female , 48, I had a lumpectomy and partial node biopsy last August with good margins but a few risk factors .can u tell me what u think", "title": "Finished my breast cancer treatment, joints In my finger are red and swollen, it wakes me up all night from painful numbness?"}
{"text": "My 13 year old daughter just got news that she has a yeast infection. After that, we went to the local drugstore and picked up monistat 3. she told me that \u201cdown there\u201d is very red and sore. She is scared to show anyone, including doctors. She is experiencing bad chest pains after using Monistat, is this normal", "title": "Experiencing bad chest pains after using Monistat, is this normal?"}
{"text": "Hello, first thing sorry for my weak English cause it\u2019s not my first language. I\u2019m 23 years old female. After my puberty my menses was normal for almost 2 or 3 years. Since i was 17 years old i have problems with my menses, it may stops for a year then suddenly start again. I was going to a doctor and she gave me some kind of medicine which has an effect as contraceptive pills, synthetic estrogen or progestron i can\u2019t remember the name of that medicine, which make my menses start normally, but when i stop that medicine my menses stops too. Now i get married last year and i really want a baby. I make Endocrinology unit and my T3,T4,TSH and prolactin hormones are normal. I also made Trans-Vaginal US Reveals, and the conclusion was \u201cIncreased stromal echogenicity of both ovaries with bilateral small follicular size suggesting PCO for follow up.\u201d. Last month my doctor gave me \u201cLutone\u201d as injection with \u201cLetrozole pills\u201d. This month doctor gave me \u201cDuphaston pills\u201d with \u201cClomid pills\u201d to stimulate ovulation, last time i went to the doctor my ova were still small in size, So doctor gave me \u201cFostimon injection\u201d to be taken 3 times. I took it one time for now and tomorrow i\u2019ll continue. But i\u2019m very worried that i can\u2019t be pregnant one day. I hope that my condition is almost clear to you and i\u2019m really looking forward to your advice. Thank you and i\u2019m waiting for reply", "title": "I have menstruation problems, doc gives me lots of meds, want to have a baby?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m writing about a situation I am aware of, but is not my own family.  A young friend (12 years old) has been diagnosed, after years of baffling medical tests of all kinds, with myoclonus dystonia.  It is pretty severe!  I have become aware, recently, that there are numerous pets living in the home, many of which potty all over the house.  The house reeks of cat urine and is fly infested.  Everyone is happy and well loved, but I am wondering if some of the symptoms this young person suffers could be related to living with too many animals in an unkept environment.  I can\u2019t find any indication that this is true from my browsing on-line, but wondered if an expert could throw some light on the possibility.  The child doesn\u2019t seem to have any respiratory symptoms, nor do the siblings in the home.  I\u2019m doubtful, but still want to know if it is possible.  Could this be the missing link to answer all the baffling gaps in understanding what is going on in this child\u2019s body?  I\u2019m sorry I don\u2019t have more information such as you request, but again, this is not my family and I don\u2019t have access to that info.  Thanks for your time and consideration.  I want to know how to advise the mother and whether to bring this possibility to bear on getting them to relinquish their pets as well as whether to bring their doctors up to speed on the presence of all the pets.  They used to have ferrets too, if that is any help.  Outdoors they have goats and fowl.  Any connection to dystonia symptoms in any of those?  Thanks", "title": "Diagnosed with myoclonus dystonia after years of baffling medical tests, living with too many animals?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a male 18 about 6\u20191 and weight 120 pounds for about a year or so and i just cant gain weight and i also get chest pains when i stress or and on occasion i get sharp nerve pains in my arms and leg", "title": "I just can\u2019t gain weight,have chest pains, get sharp nerve pain in arms and legs?"}
{"text": "46yo female I have autoimmune disease-rare form of sarcoid and probable lupus. In the last year I have had an impossible scalp/ears seborrhea that nothing will help and its spreading now to almost entire scalp. In the last 6 mos developed a couple of lesions; derm was slightly dismissive about my concerns of all this being related to my autoimmune processes. Bx showed psoriasform spongyatic dermatitis; now I am developing them everywhere\u2026.its like my skin is out of control. Are these problems likely systemic and related to the sarcoid or lupus", "title": "I have rare sarcoid disease, probable lupus, suffer scalp/ears seborrhea that\u2019s out of control?"}
{"text": "Hello I am a 28 year old female who does not smoke, drink or use drugs. I get sick very often, one day I woke up and started throwing up bile. When I went to the doctor I was told there weren\u2019t any signs of bacteria and I did not have a fever. My blood work was flagged for the following however: MCHC 35.4 (reference range31.5-35), Neutrophils 12.1 (reference range 1.2-7.3), Lymphocytes .3 (reference range .5-3.5) and Monocytes were .9 (reference range .2-.7) My RBC was 4.87 (reference 3.67-5.38) and my WBC was 13.5 (reference range 3.2 \u2013 10.6). Is there a problem with these results? And if I was suffering from an acute infection would it not show up through tests and not raise my temperature? My temp at the time was 97.9 degrees and it is currently 98.3. Thank you", "title": "Is there a problem with my blood tests, I have 98.3 Fever?"}
{"text": "I am a 29 year old female and I have experienced back pain for about a month now.. My back started hurting so bad I thought maybe it was a Kidney stone and went to the ER. They done a CT Scan and it wasnt a stone and the dr in the ER said that some people just have back pain. The pain eased for about a week or so and it is back to hurting just as bad it is in my lower / middle of my back almost feels like the pain is even in my spine. Should I go to a family doctor or try to suffer through this horrendous pain? I have used a heating bad and OTC medication to try and relieve the pain but nothing seems to help", "title": "Back pain for a month now, ct scan shows no stone, nothing seems to help?"}
{"text": "30yr old mother of two, presenting with high fsh,no period since june, other menopausal symptoms such as hot flushes, night sweats etc. Suffer hypermobility pain which is heightened. I know lumpy breasts are related to hormonal chamges but I am 5ft 1in, 46kg, very slim, 34inch bust with an AA cup size,minimal breast tissue.but  the last 2months have been progressively more lumpy, all types of sizes and some hard,some rubbery,some bumpy,some tender,some feels like large clusters of small lumps stuck in a ball of tissue. My thoracic spine and shoulder blades have become very sore and tender. Could I have breast cance", "title": "Lumps on breasts,  thoracic spine and shoulder blades sore, Could I have breast cancer?"}
{"text": "I am a 61 year old female and have been diagnosed with insulin resistance but am unable to take metformin XR 500 due to severe side effects.  My doc has suggested Januvia 10mg.  Will this work as I do not have diabetes 2 as yet", "title": "I have insulin resistance, doc prescribed Januvia 10mg, will this work?"}
{"text": "my baby daughter is 2yr and 7 months and was bad cold and cough  was three weeks then she had breathing difficulties.then doctor given drop for nose ,then it came relief ,and doctor asked to do FBC and ESR test then the doctor highlighted that ESR level is high report result is 50 ( required limit is 29-30) and also himoglobin level was 10.5 doctor I am in confused mind what is this issue and do we need to repeat same test after one month kindly advise me .Thanking yo", "title": "My baby has ESR result of 50 ( lab limit is 29-30) and  hemoglobin level of 10.5, is it a problem?"}
{"text": "31 YO, Caucasian female. MS symptoms such as vertigo, balance problems, daily headache and chronic migraine, tinnitus and hearing loss in left ear, memory problems, pinching/stinging pain, itching/tingling skin, muscle spasms and muscles easily weaken\u2026 Tests were run to rule out other causes from lupus to diabetes to hepatitis etc\u2026 Before symptoms began mri was Normal, but now States \u201cMinimal nonspecific faint spotty FLAIR\nhyperintensities in posterior periventricular white matter.\u201d this was completed without contrast. My question is, does this Mri finding suggest MS? Is a LP or second episode/mri still needed for diagnosis? Any insight is helpful, just struggling to find answers and effective treatment on this journey. Follow up not until January. Thank you", "title": "Does my Mri finding suggest MS? Is a LP or second episode/mri still needed for diagnosis?"}
{"text": "I am a 47 year old female that has an overall dull pain in the lower right abdomen almost at my C-section scar.  Sporadically through the day it becomes sharp for a few seconds.  The pain radiates to my back and down my leg to the knee.  I have noticed that I feel full, bloated, and have more gas.  My stools have been thick but very long.  Any ideas", "title": "I have pain that radiates to my back and down my leg to the knee.Any ideas?"}
{"text": "this is in regards to my 11yo son. He has been diagnosed with multiple AVMs of the face.\nHe has had 9 angiograms with embolisations to various areas and one Avm surgically removed.\nJust recently he had a head CT as a new AVM appeared at the back of his skull.\nAfter the CT he had a noticeable tremor in his right hand.\nDuring the CT some of the dye /liquid went into his cannula but the cannula came unscrewed and liquid leaked out , how much I don\u2019t know.\nThe radiologist reloaded a new batch and started again. Could these tremors be caused through too much dye/liquid being given?\nHe still has tremors over a week later and the pediatrician is concerned. Is the extra dye given a possible reason for the tremor\nthanks (\u2014", "title": "11 yo son received dye /liquid into cannula during CT scan, now has tremors?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nI\u2019m a 17 year old girl from the Netherlands (sorry if my English is not so good). I suffer from neck and shoulder blade pain for 3 years now and the doctors don\u2019t know what is wrong and it\u2019s getting worse. I have tried multiple therapies but nothing seems to work. At first I had 1 or 2 times a week pain, mostly in the neck. But I have always pain now. Sometimes with headaches at the right side of my face. The first therapy I tried was Cesar therapy (It\u2019s almost the same as Mensendieck). It helped me with a good posture. But after a few sessions they said they couldn\u2019t help me further. After that I went to a neurologist. They made an X-ray and MRI scan that said that I have a small scoliosis but that couldn\u2019t cause the pain that I had. I had to visit an optician so I did. I had +0,5 at both of my eyes but that also couldn\u2019t cause my pain. When I came back at the neurologist I had to try a small dosage of Amitriptyline but that also didn\u2019t work. When the neurologist didn\u2019t find anything I went to physical therapy. But again after a few sessions they said they couldn\u2019t help me further. They said I had to work out more so I do. But it\u2019s not getting better at all, it\u2019s getting worse. But at the gym I found out that I have a really fast heartbeat. In rest is between 100-150 and when I exercise it\u2019s above the 200. I did have an ECG in rest and on a bike but there was nothing abnormal (only the heartbeat that was really fast) and the bloodpressure was also good. When the physical therapy didn\u2019t work I went to an osteopath. I\u2019m still going to the osteopath but it\u2019s not helping. The osteopath found that my liver was tense and said that I should eat less sugar and no caffeine. So I stopped with the caffeine and eat only products with natural sugar. But again that didn\u2019t help for my pain.  I between this therapies I went to the doctor to check up my blood because I was really tired (and I still am) and we found out in January that my Vitamin D was really low (22) so I took medicines for that and it raised to 71. I did check my blood again this week and the doctor said it was good. I asked for a copy and a few things were too low or high. Leukocytes are too high: 12,6\nCreatinine is too low: 48They tested a few Vitamines but they were all good.\nVitamine D: 63\nVitamine B12: 343\nVitamine B6: 82\nVitamine B1: 165On the picture you can see where on the back and neck the pain is.But after all these tests and therapies I still don\u2019t know what is causing this pain. I hope you can help me", "title": "I suffer from neck and shoulder blade pain for 3 years now and the doctors don\u2019t know what is wrong and it\u2019s getting worse?"}
{"text": "Hi I just need some reassurance as yesterday I had a bit of an \u201cepisode\u201d that really scared me. I\u2019m female and 25 years old. I have diagnoses ulcerative colitis though not on medication.\nPlease note that I had smoked cannibis prior to this (I smoke most weekends so am not unfamiliar with this substance but could obviously be the trigger/cause). After smoking I was walking to dinner, felt light headed and a bit dizzy, this then escalated to heart palpitations far worse than I\u2019ve ever experienced. I\u2019ve had anxiety before but this was much stronger, I was almost waiting for the arm pain that comes with heart attack, this lasted roughly 5 minutes, I sat down to try and control it and the dizziness got worse and neurological symptoms began which really scared me, I lost the ability to read/comprehend, I couldn\u2019t form sentences nothing was making sense, I got very emotional and started hysterically crying and couldn\u2019t stop, the whole episode probably lasted about 15-20 minutes though I wasn\u2019t in a state to accurately assess time. There was some cardiac pain that lasted after the episode finished", "title": "I had a \u201ccannabis  episode\u201d that really scared me, dizziness, neurological symptoms, cardiac pain?"}
{"text": "i have an \u201cblue eye\u201d problem\u2026 area around my left eye is dark blue (under, below and temples) constantly for years \u2026 sometimes i feel pain and pressure.During the time i visited a few doctors but never get the same diagnosis from them.Also I have black spots in my eye.Can you  help me find out what disease i have?I\u2019m 27 years ol", "title": "I have an \u201cblue eye\u201d problem\u2026 area around my left eye for years now?"}
{"text": "Low hemoglobin (9.2),male 77, had an angioplasty 4 yr back, diabetic more than 40 years, but under control always, other wise OK, some age related problems like back pain,joint pain etc.able to do all his activities, no blood loss noticed ,what could be the cause of low H", "title": "What could be the cause of low Low hemoglobin?"}
{"text": "I had epilepsy i.e. awakening seizures i have been taking lerace (levetiracetam) fro last 9 to 10 years. I am fine now and do not take medication regularly but now the problem is since last year i am not getting wet dreams night falls at all i am 30 years old furthermore i dont get aroused neither do i get erection nd the penis size has been decreased as well it doesn\u2019t get hard. I get continuous urge for urinating one doctor gave me medicines for UTI and fertile S (tribulus terrestris 500 mg) but it didn\u2019t gave me any relief for erection. He said because of your epilepsy which got started in my teenage i am facing the after affects in shape of erectile dysfunction. I took herbal medication as well but nothing seems working for me. I am very upset and nervous because of this thing because i am about to get married. Could you please help me out and prescribe me medication for erectile dysfunction and let me know whether this issue will get resolved or not. I shall be waiting for your reply with a high hope so i lost my hopes with other doctors and herbalist. I will be very grateful and thankful to you", "title": "I had epilepsy, seizures, UTI and erectile dysfunction, lost my hopes with other doctors and herbalist?"}
{"text": "Hi,My boyfriend\u2019s niece and nephew are albinos. Does this mean he will be a carrier for the gene? Also how likely is it that I am a carrier if I have no family history of albinism. Thank you", "title": "My boyfriend\u2019s niece and nephew are albinos, will he be a carrier for the gene?"}
{"text": "I have been suffering from fatigue for almost four weeks since recovering from a mild cold (no colored phlegm) with a bad asthma flare up with temp of 99.9 at first that has since stopped. They gave me a Z-pack just in case there was an infection and a breathing treatment coupled with methlpredisone pack to calm down my lungs. My current and only symptoms are a further decrease in energy, little appetite a swollen lymph node under one side of my jaw, canker sores, and Rosacea/acne break out on my face and forehead. Recent blood work by urgent care showed no signs of Mono  ( I had it twenty years ago and symptoms seemed similar minus a sore throat) but  they found that my white blood cell count was low. They want me take Augmentin now and return for a follow up with my doctor. Any ideas? Female, teacher, age 41, non-smoker non-drinker healthy weight, diet and lifestyle", "title": "Bad asthma flare up, no signs of mononucleosis, white blood cell count was low, any ideas?"}
{"text": "Hello, my mother (age 45) is suffering a head pain in the back of her head. mainly pain occurs at night before sleep but sometimes in the day too. she says the pain occurs in the left side vein in the back of her head. the pain started about 10-15 days ago. but now the pain level is high sometime. her blood pressure is normal. what possibly it could be..? please help us", "title": "My mom is suffering a head pain in the back of her head?"}
{"text": "7 year old female with an upper respiratory infection \u2013  stuffy/runny nose, heavy productive cough with lots of wheezing. Took her first full dose of prednisolone today (10ml by mouth 2 times per day \u2013  15mg/5ml)  ahe is doing breathing treatments every 3-4 hours and has had to do a couple of back to back treatments over the last 2 days \u2013  wheezing persists after prednisone and breathing treatments. Child also has a rash on the inside of her top and bottom lip, the skin appears raw and she won\u2019t eat much because she says her tongue hurts when she eats; it appears as if her taste Buds are enlarged on the area of her tongue that irritates her. She has no fever. Child had history of Reactive Airway and Cough Variant Asthma. She only wheeze or needs breathing treatments when she has an upper respiratory infection", "title": "7 year old girl, respiratory infection, rash,taste buds enlarged, Reactive Airway and Cough Variant Asthma?"}
{"text": "I am male 19 years old and i\u2019m experiencing pain when urinating and yellowish-green discharge. When i went to the doctor, i was diagnosed with ngu (non gonoccocal urethritis). I also tested negative for hiv. I only have one sexual partner and she told me she had bacterial vaginosis and vulvovaginosis, but she\u2019s infection free now. I\u2019ve been suffering ngu for 4 months and i\u2019ve been prescribed meds such as azithrumycin, metrodinazole and doxicycline throughout those 4 months. I even had an anti gonorrhea injection. The discharge lessened but symptoms didn\u2019t completely disappear. I don\u2019t know what to do anymore, the medications don\u2019t help. Can my ngu even lead to hiv or aids? Help, thank you", "title": "i was diagnosed with ngu (non gonoccocal urethritis) medications don\u2019t help. Can ngu lead to hiv or aids?"}
{"text": "i am 30 years old, i have halitosis that comes from internal, because i have good mouth hygien, my tongue and my teeth are clean, i brush my mouth more then three times a day, and i don\u2019t what happened my breath smells bad when i talk to my friend and family, i have been this for over 8 months, and had no any pain or problem, later weeks before i went to the hospital to ask a doctor, i was tested blood and stool, the doctor told me that i have an H. pylori, he prescribed me 32 capsule of antibiotics , anti acid syrup, and four Vitamin A, i used them and completed nothing still change, i have still the bad breath", "title": "I have halitosis, doctor says  I have an H. pylori?"}
{"text": "I m 27 years old female.i have much pain in left side breast down wards and upper shoulder in neck.with long breath I have much pain.i have cough also.i take medicines nims,methekobal,ceproxsan,moved.before 3days I hve 103 fever for 12 days.oxida inj also use I have much pain I cannot sleep on sid", "title": "Pain left breast, cough, 103 fever, cannot sleep on side?"}
{"text": "Im female, 17 years old. I have been having low back pain for about 6 months. I was doing crossfit for many months before i started feeling pain. It was not a sudden pain, but a gradual pain. I am currently not able to lift anything more than a 20 pounds without feeling pain. I cannot sit for longer than 30 minutes. The pain when I sit starts out feeling like tailbone pain, but spreads upwards to my lower back and hips. Recently my hips start to feel like they\u2019re dislocating when I sit, and I have sharp pains in my groin. When I go to stand up I have immense sharp pain. Upon standing, I hear a loud popping sound from somewhere in my low back region. I can never pinpoint it. This also happens after laying down for some time. When laying, I have an uncomfortable feeling in my low back. I have tried many different stretches, and am still doing about 6 different stretches and core exercises twice a day. I am taking ibuprofen twice a day. I Ice my back daily, but have also tried heat. I have gone to the chiropractor, doctor, and physical therapist, but no one has given me an answer, and nothing has helped. I have had a few x-rays taken, and everything seems fin", "title": "I have lower back pain, been to chiropractor, doctor, and physical therapist, nothing helps?"}
{"text": "l am very concerned how the health of my mother whom is experiencing almost every symptom related to Liver disease and she has had HEP C for many years now her condition has progressively gotten  worse over the last 6 months. we  have been to the E.R numerous amounts of times this year and haven\u2019t gotten anywhere. they say that they are limited to what tests they can perform in the E.R and keep making referrals to family physicians and it\u2019s been a nightmare in trying to get an appointment with one. they\u2019ve only done the standard blood tests that they do and i feel are not taking my mothers concerning symptoms serious.  her symptoms include swelling in both legs+ankles,swollen stomach, headaches, severe fatigue,memory loss,confusion,abdominal pain on the right side under her rib cage,dark urine, over all weakness, varicose veins, twice this month she woke up with what appeared to be a burst blood vessel in her left eye and for the past 2 weeks she has been very sick with flu like symptoms including, vomiting,nausea, fever, diarrhea. Approximately a month ago now she experience bleeding from both her vagina and rectum . She is not getting any better, as a matter of fact she is getting a lot worse and I\u2019m very concerned about the Health of my mother and feel like every attempt at trying to get to the bottom of what is going on with her has been a dead end. I am wondering if there is anyway of helping my mom at your clinic or if you could be of any help in helping lead me in the right direction. Im worried that if somebody doesn\u2019t hear me out and try to help my mother SOON that she may not be ok.  I\u2019m also hoping you could help me understand these lab results.\nThank you for your time and consideration.", "title": "My mom seems to have liver disease, seen doctor and had lab work,  She is not getting any better?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m A 17 Year Old Female And I Think I Have Herpes , i Had Sex With A Guy On October 14th . He Had Little Small Bumps On His Penis But When I Asked He Said It\u2019s Nothing . We Had Unprotected Sex . After That A Couple Days Went By I Got Sick . Fever , Runny Nose Sore Throat And Body Pain And Chills . After That I Discovered A Big Lump Then Little Small Lumps By My Vagina . They Hurt Very Bad And I Googled A lot Of Thinks & Something That Caught My Eye Were Herpes . I Also Have Trouble Pooping Which It Hurts &I Have A Little Bump On It . Can You please Help Me Figure All this Out", "title": "I Think I Have Herpes Discoverd A Big Bump Then Little Small Bumbs By My Vagina?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am a 25 year old female, recently married. I am diagnosed with (heterozygous) Factor V Liden. My husband and I are trying to plan on when we want to start trying for kids. We want to wait, but I am reading up on how this can affect pregnancies and cause stillbirths and am feeling very nervous. I have never had any complications from Factor V, I only know that I have it because my mom does as well, and wanted me to get tested too. Will waiting put our possible babies more at risk", "title": "I am diagnosed with (heterozygous) Factor V Liden, are my babies at risk?"}
{"text": "I had acid reflux which led to a sore throat. I was able to take care of that, but it seemed too late. After a couple of days, this is what is the result. I have relatively high fever, with cough. Is this a concern? I do smoke.Age 23, Male. I am taking Paracetamol and Fexofenadine HCL", "title": "I have relatively high fever, with cough and rash in throat?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am a 20 year old female, and I have been experiencing joint pain, lightheaded feeling headaches that are better when lying down, neck pain, teeth grinding, severe social anxiety, and recently pains in my middle back on either side. Googling I found this may be an indication of adrenal insufficiency or an autoimmune condition and I was wondering if you had any other ideas I could bring to my doctor when I see her. I have had these symptoms for quite a while, but they seem to be getting worse, Thank Yo", "title": "I have joint pain, lightheaded feeling headaches , neck pain, teeth grinding, severe social anxiety?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 24 years old. Male. If my friend is hiv positive and masturbated in my bathroom, then washes hands and dried them on my towel, and I walk in, wash hands, dry them with the same towel and masturbate after, can I contract hiv? Is it possible it was on the towel and then on my hands and then on my body and entered via bodily fluids", "title": "Can I get HIV by using infected towel?"}
{"text": "Female * 29 years * HISTORY: Endometriosis, left nephrectomy 2013, 100mg daily of Zoloft for anxiety.\nHi, I have been extremely fatigued with headaches and severe nausea coming in waves (no pattern to it, but I do have it almost every night). I have no real appetite, but am eating, although not a great diet. I also have shoulder tip pain in my left shoulder and left side flank pain (kidney has been checked with bloods and an ultrasound-all okay) This has been occurring since August, when I was hospitalised for severe hydration and what doctors diagnosed as possible food poisoning. I was extremely unwell for three weeks with nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea. Also, my period is usually around the 20th of each month and lasts for 4-5 days. This month it arrived on the 12th and lasts for 9-10 days and was extremely heavy. So heavy I could not even wear a tampon. Just after advice from another source.\nThank you", "title": "I have been extremely fatigued with headaches and severe nausea coming in waves?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nI am a 36 year old woman who has history of left ovarian vein thrombosis extending into left renal vein. Recently, underwent vascular tests which revealed gonadal vein insufficiency, and had a embolization of the left renal vein. Is this the proper procedure for this injury?Would this cause me to have chest pain, abnormal Ecg, and swelling?\nPlease help me, it seems something is wrong since I had this procedure", "title": "I\u2019ve had left ovarian vein thrombosis extending into left renal vein, is embolization appropriate?"}
{"text": "my sister is around 26 years old..she has some cysts on her both overies.those r getting larger and one doctor suggest to have operation.so i wnt ur opinio", "title": "Doctor recommended operation to remove cysts on both ovaries, need a second opinion?"}
{"text": "My Symptoms, just before, during, and after a bowel movement abdominal pain puts me on my knees, sever nausea to the point I do vomit, not all the time but the nausea feeling is so sever I start to produce a lot of saliva (water) in my mouth. What\u2019s causing this? I had a colonoscopy revealed 6 polyps not cancerous nothing else found. Had a biopsy of my stomach nothing found no cancer or ulcers. Gallbladder squeeze was a 59% no gallstones. Was told my intestines show nothing wrong. All other organs are fine a ultrasound revealed. Could this be in fact IBS. If not what can it be", "title": "After a bowel movement abdominal pain puts me on my knees, severe nausea to the point I do vomit?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 20 yr old male and suffer with panic and anxiety disorder..  i\u2019ve been experience chest pains for 4 years, for the last week it has been worse I don\u2019t know why, it\u2019s making me have major panic attacks. My jaw gets pain, I get sharp shooting in my left shoulder, I go numb in the arm.. everything that happens to me is all heart attack symptoms, iv had my lungs, and heart checked in the last year, it\u2019s all perfect. The pain has been really scaring me. It could just be very server anxiety, but does that mean the pain has to be so hectic and all the symptoms have to be like heart attacks?  It\u2019s driving me crazy", "title": "I suffer with panic and anxiety disorder, chest pains for 4 years?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m inquiring about aching pain I have had in my left leg, for about months now. It centres around a hard lump I have under the knee cap, which is constantly aching (I have gotten X-rays on this and was told it was from a prior injury which I don\u2019t remember having an injury ever) and the aching goes from my hip right down to my ankle. It aches when I walk on it and aches even more when I try to lay down for bed. I\u2019ve tried Alieve with fail and tried Robaxacette which seemed to help a bit with the pain. I\u2019m wondering if u could maybe give me some advice on what may be causing this and if I should get to the doctor. Thank yo", "title": "Aching pain I have had in my left leg?"}
{"text": "I have pain in my top right shoulder when I\u2019m breathing but i don\u2019t feel any pain when i move or rotate my shoulder\nAnd it get worse when i lay down and breath\nthe pain doesn\u2019t go to other area just on my front shoulde", "title": "I have pain in my top right shoulder when I\u2019m breathing?"}
{"text": "I am 38 and just found out I am pregnant with my 4th child. I am scheduled to go on a short mission trip to help build a house in Juarez, Mexico, in 2 weeks, when I will be 6 weeks pregnant. I am in very good health and never had any complications with other pregnancies, but I realize that my age alone puts me at higher risk. Should I cancel my trip", "title": "I am scheduled to go on mission trip to build a house, but I am pregnant, should I go?"}
{"text": "hi im a 18 year old female and am not on any medication, well I was abused as a child and Now the past is catching up to me. only now did I realize that what had happened was sexual assault but the man has passed away now so no one will believe me. but all that had happened over the 10 years of abuse is on replay in my head I can\u2019t get it to stop, I can\u2019t eat or sleep properly and I\u2019m lost in school because of this. and now every time a male comes near me I\u2019m terrified and tense up or freeze. how do I make it all stop", "title": "I\u2019m 18 year old female, abused as a child, terrified of men,  how do I make it all stop?"}
{"text": "64 yr old woman. meds, prochlorperazineand ondansetron for nausea, ambian to sleep, levothyroxine for thyroid, zonisamide for leg cramps, Toprol, amlodipine for blood pressure, ipratropium bromide and albutrerol sulfate for breathing treatrments, humulin for diabetes.  I have current symptoms as follows; nausea and some vomiting, fatigue, shaking of hands, listlessness, fever that comes and goes as well as chills, constantly tired and sleeping a lot, weight loss, lost 25 lbs. in last 3 months without trying. spent 20 days in hospital and they ran multipal tests and procedures and had no diagnosis. was out for 2 weeks with all symptoms still present. went to dr office 3 days ago and almost passed out. had chest pain ans shortness of breath. dr gave nitro tab and o2 , felt better. admitted to hospital and cardiac says heart fine. still in hospital with all other symptoms. do you have many ideas", "title": "I have been admitted to hospital, no diagnosis, do you have any ideas?"}
{"text": "Hello. My mom is 42 years old. She is having some problems this year frequently. Like she is feeling like she is having fever inside. She is also having gum bleeding, sweating, back bone pain, red marks in her body and weakness. Can u tell me what are causing her these", "title": "My mom suffers from gum bleeding, sweating, back bone pain, red marks in her body and weakness?"}
{"text": "21 years old, female.\nI had blood test 10 days ago, the next day small bruises appeared then it started getting bigger. Even yesterday i noticed a new bruise. Besides the bruises, i have pain in my whole arm, I\u2019m not able to do anything with my right arm. Today i applied gel on the bruises and took pills for the pain (Arnica). But I\u2019m a bit worried\u2026 When does it heal? Does it cause any future symptoms", "title": "I had blood test done, my arm is now black, blue and red?"}
{"text": "hi im 16 is my mole dangerous", "title": "Is this skin mole dangerous ?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m an 18 year old female, for the past years I\u2019ve been experiencing excessive vaginal discharge and I am aware discharge is normal and healthy. But when it first started it had a little odor and on some days, not so often, it\u2019ll look a little chunky like cottage cheese but it was always white & thick. Now recently for about the past year or so it\u2019s gotten worse. It\u2019s odor is so bad even when I wash it daily it comes right back about an hour after I shower and clean up. Every time I use the bathroom and wipe the odor is horrible and there\u2019s so much discharge, it\u2019s thick and sticky sometimes even yellow and chunky. And recently I\u2019ve been getting a bump on my vulva. It\u2019ll come and go but always in the same spot mostly after I shave or if I don\u2019t shave for a long period of time and it takes forever to go away. I don\u2019t know if it\u2019s a pimple, boil, wart, or anything. It\u2019s hard, not painful, but when I squeeze it then it gets irritated and becomes painful. Sometimes nothing even comes out of it and other times pus comes out, even a little blood and a clear liquid came out along with the pus before, but it\u2019ll still sit there for weeks. I\u2019ve been tested for HIV and was negative. I don\u2019t think it can be an STD because it started before I became sexually active. One day it was so bad it was extremely itchy and I thought it was a yeast infection so I used some vagisil cream and the itchiness went away but the discharge and odor never did. I don\u2019t really have pain in my pelvic area, sometimes but it feels like very light cramps never really paid mind to them. I do wear a lot of leggings, tight clothing, and I\u2019ve always used scented body wash/soap in the shower. So maybe it can be from a thrown off pH balance but how can I fix this? How can I get rid of the excessive discharge and odor? Are there any creams that I can buy over the counter", "title": "I have excessive vaginal discharge, white and thick and odor is bad, getting worse?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 21 y/o female and I recently had a transvaginal ultrasound done and was told that I am 5 weeks and 2 days. Since I am so early the only thing that I would be able to see is the Gestational Sac. It says \u201cGS\u201d where the sac is supposed to be but it\u2019s difficult to make out and I don\u2019t see any fetal pole and they told me it was too early to have a fetal pole. Is this normal at 5 weeks? I had a miscarriage in July 2016. They told me it was a blighted ovum", "title": "Had a transvaginal ultrasound done, don\u2019t  see fetal pole, is it normal?"}
{"text": "Hi,I\u2019m a 30 year old black female I have  2 two children. Both complicated pregnancy ,I\u2019m have a IUD Mirena,I\u2019m not on any medication. For last two months I have been having severe headaches so bad that when I move my eyes a certain way it was seen as shocking pain down the back part of my head I\u2019m also experiencing dizziness light headed nauseation numbness in the bottom part of my feet and  never feel like this before", "title": "Been having severe headaches shocking pain down the back part of my head"}
{"text": "Female\nAge 19Hi, for more than a month or 2 I have been feeling really sick, every time I eat a small amount of food I can\u2019t eat more or I will get the sick feeling and be very full after only eating a small amount, I\u2019ve been loosing weight too,  really need advise!", "title": "I can\u2019t eat more food or I will get the sick feeling?"}
{"text": "Hello,I am a 24 year old female, and have been having issues with random episodes of vertigo for about 2 years. I didn\u2019t really start keeping track of how often they were occurring until a few months ago. I get them about once or twice a month, and they only last a minute or so.\nLike I said, they come on randomly. Recently when they have occurred I have been just sitting at my desk, doing sit ups, and lifting weights (three separate occasions). As weird as it sounds, I know when I\u2019m about to get an episode of vertigo because I get this weird buzz in my head (kind of like when your legs fall asleep), and then the vertigo hits. The whole rooms looks like it is spinning. This usually only lasts for a few minutes, I just try to sit still and breathe, and they go away. I\u2019m generally healthy. 5\u20194, 135 pounds. I was diagnosed at birth with pulmonary stenosis, but had a valve ballooned at 10 months old, and no longer have to see a cardiologist. I work out about 4-5 times a week, cardio and light weight lifting. Any idea what could be causing this issue? I\u2019m terrified when I google the symptoms online they mention brain tumors or TIAs. But at the same time, I\u2019ve had this for about 2 years now, so I feel like I would have other symptoms if it was one of those two (hopefully). Any insight would be greatly appreciated", "title": "I have episodes of vertigo for about 2 years, happens following a \u201cbuzz\u201d in my head?"}
{"text": "I have anxiety and stress, its only from my digestion problems. I go to the bathroom everyday or other day (small hard or loose) but hasn\u2019t been much and not solid, and very dark. I feel I drink plenty of water and eat really good solid meals, I just need help. I don\u2019t feel like I digest my food well even when I take a HCL supplement/ digestive enzymes and or sweetish bitters. I think I have Small intestine bacteria and h.pylori and a stomach ulcer. I am lost and have no idea what to do or where to go and need help. I\u2019ve tried the natural path and it helps a little but I wonder if there is a more serious problem. So I am reaching out to see if you have any specific test or route you can suggest to help me? I would like to fully evacuate my bowels when I do go to the bathroom and speed up the digestion, I want to feel I digest my food so I can eat more food to gain more weight, I want a good appetite again, I would like to cure the ulcer/ dull stomach pain, I want to see why my stools are dark. I want to make sure I don\u2019t have h.pylori/ sibo bacteria, I want to feel normal and not be so stressed and worried about this", "title": "I have digestion problems, I don\u2019t  digest well, stools are dark?"}
{"text": "I am a 56 year old female who has recently been experiencing numbness in my hands and feet, frequent urination, noticing a strange burning smell, forgetfulness and anxiety. I have been referred for a MRI scan of the brain and have received my report (attached). What is wrong with me", "title": "I have numbness in my hands and feet, frequent urination, forgetfulness and anxiety. What is wrong with me?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m 23 years old and 8 weeks pregnant with my 2nd child. For the past couple days when going to the toilet, after wiping, the tissue is pink. I had a brown discharge 2 nights ago and now have a pink colour. It\u2019s not constant but seems to happen first thing in the morning. After experiencing a miscarriage last year, I\u2019m worried it may happen again. I have no pain or cramps, just the pink colour on the tissue", "title": "8 weeks pregnant, now have pink discharge?"}
{"text": "My brother 16 yrs old had abdominal pain for about 6 weeks. Early diagnosis was pancreatitis. As the pain didnt go, we had post contrast CT scan. It revealed:\n1. Diffussely swollen pancreatic head, body and tail showing homogenous hypo-enhancing parenchyma.\n2. Smudging of the peri-pancreatic fat planes.\n3. Enlarged celiac, porto-caval, aorto-caval, paraaortic, per-pancreatic and mesenteric lymph nodes.\n4. Mild fatty hepatomegaly.\nLipase and Amylase levels are high(about 300 in value)\nHis doctors recommended IgG4, but results are after 15 days. What should I do now or at least until results came?\nFor family history, I had Ulcerative colitis ten years ago. Sometimes it revisits me, but it gets better on taking Sulfasalazine medications", "title": "Is it Immunoglobulin G4- related disease (IgG4-RD) or Pancreatitis?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 35 year old female diagnosed epileptic and asthmatic , I take 400mg of lamictal daily. For a long time now possibly years I\u2019ve been troubled with extreme fatigue , it\u2019s got so bad now that I\u2019m nearly in tears going into work most days , I even feel it after a nights sleep ! I feel like I\u2019m at breaking point now ! My seizures are most vulnerable when I\u2019m exhausted but thankfully no tonic clonic seizures just absences. I have joint pain also and I\u2019ve noticed a difference in my motivation in work etc . I\u2019ve stopped going out with friends etc because all I want to do on my days off is rest. Surely at my age this is not normal ? My husband doesn\u2019t know the extent as to which I\u2019m strugglin", "title": "I am diagnosed epileptic and asthmatic, I\u2019ve been troubled with extreme fatigue"}
{"text": "I had a small lump in the back of my neck, the muscle by the spine and ear ( right side ).. Its now grown and a 2nd lump about an inch away from the 1st has now appeared.. I feel pressure and heat in the area, my vision keeps dipping out blurry and im getting head aches and a virtigo feeling with high pitched ringing in my head\nIm F, 32yr", "title": "I had a small lump in the back of my neck, now a second one?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 19 years old and identify as male, but I am biologically female. (Not out or transitioning ((yet)) )I think I might have AVPD. In fact I think it\u2019s a very strong possibility. I got almost all (I think but 1) of the criteria, but sometimes just describing them/listing is a little hard for me to really understand as I have ADHD, I get sidetracked and sometimes still don\u2019t even fully understand. So I\u2019ll just describe my everyday life.I have extreme anxiety over the smallest things, being alone, going out somewhere public, answering the phone or making a call. (I almost exclusively text) When I go out shopping I tend to hide behind my mother as I\u2019m so umcomfortable. I even stiffen up and walk a little funny. I don\u2019t interact with people correctly. I\u2019ve shoved money into a cashier\u2019/ hand before he even scanned my item. I would willing get F\u2019a so I wouldn\u2019t have to speak in front of the class/give a speech. It\u2019s hard for me to ask help as I\u2019m too anxious and feel like everyone\u2019s looking at me and mocking me.I have exactly one best friend who I am attached. I do have little fantasies of being loved and the liked.But I don\u2019t think I\u2019m lesser all the time or too badly affected by others opinions of me", "title": "I\u2019m a male but biologically a female,may have Avoidant Personality Disorder Symptom?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m a 22 year old female with relatively good health. Within the past month, I got the first spot like in the picture, on my left leg. It looked like an insect bite and I didn\u2019t think anything of it aside for the fact that it was itchy so I was putting anti-itch medicine on it. It went away within the next few days, but I broke out in a large red scaly patch on my upper right arm. At first it just looked like dry skin, so I was applying lotion to it. Then all of a sudden it started to itch which is when I had my partner take a look at it and we noticed I had spots on my neck now too. Which I have those in the bottom picture I sent. We thought it might be ringworm so we started using spray on it and then a cream because the spray wasn\u2019t working and I started to break out with them on my back and breasts even through I had been keeping my bedding clean and treating them as if they were ringworm and not scratching them.. I kept on that routine for 3 weeks and now this morning I\u2019m waking up with more patches all over my stomach and my lower right side of my back. The medication I\u2019ve tried using for ringworm or other things we thought it might be haven\u2019t helped at all. Some spots don\u2019t itch and others are super itchy. They aren\u2019t getting any small and every few days I seem to find at least 2 or 3 new patches coming in.. I don\u2019t have the money to go to the doctors right now unless it\u2019s an emergency", "title": "I\u2019m waking up with spots and rashes all over my stomach and back?"}
{"text": "My 2.5 year old son has had a worsening itchy rash for 2+ months. It\u2019s on his back, stomach, arms, armpits, legs. Pretty much everywhere except his face, soles of his feet and palms of his hands. One dr said heat rash and the other is now treating him for scabies and it hasn\u2019t improved yet with that treatment (going on 48hours) and has new ones since then. No one else in our house has any kind of rash so I don\u2019t think it\u2019s scabies. Any other ideas on what it may be or what could be causing it. I have changed laundry soap, stopped using dryer sheets, washed everything I can think of, no lotions etc. could food allergy cause this? HEL", "title": "Itchy rash for 2+ months. It\u2019s on  back, stomach, arms, armpits, legs\u2026scabies?"}
{"text": "Is it safe to take Mirtazapine 30ml, Aripiprazole 5ml and Sertraline 50ml per day at the same time? My father-in-law is taking them and he\u2019s changed, he\u2019s gone silent, gained weight and doesn\u2019t eat properly", "title": "Is it safe to take Mirtazapine 30ml, Aripiprazole 5ml and Sertraline 50ml per day?"}
{"text": "Hello, my name is (\u2026). My hair has been thinning over the past few years and seen several dr\u2019s. I have just seen a hair specialist(who is a dr) that has put me on Minoxidil 10mg tablets taking a quarter a day. I didn\u2019t realize that this medication is for lowering blood pressure and not for hair. Im concerned taking a medication that is not for my specific problem and all the side effects that come with it, as well as i already have low blood pressure. Do you think taking a quarter a day is safe?? Thank you so much for your optio", "title": "My hair has been thinning over the past few years, taking Minoxidil, is it safe?"}
{"text": "Hello I am pretty sure that i have SRED / NES I wake up a lot more than one time in the night and can\u2019t sleep without eating some times i even don\u2019t remember if i ate while i was a sleep then in morning i find out that a specific food is gone then you remember going there and eating it , it make me gain weight a lot is there any treatment for it Thank", "title": "I think I have Sleep-Related Eating Disorders \u2013 Night eating syndrome?"}
{"text": "I am a 22 year old female. When I was younger I had mastoiditis. I was hospitalized , and had to get tubes put in my ears.\u200bFor about two weeks I have had a yellowish brownish color of drainage coming out of my ear that smells like infection . Today and a week ago there has been blood coming out of it , not gushing blood ,but blood like a pinkish color . I have also been having headaches.", "title": "I had mastoiditis, yellowish brownish color of drainage and blood coming out of ear?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 22 year old male and the only medical condition I have is Mitral Valve Prolapse. My names (\u2026).Back in August I got sick and went to an immediate care clinic with a 102 degree fever. He diagnosed me as having a sinus infection with liquid behind my left ear and prescribed a Zpack antibiotic for me. The A week after finishing the zpack, the fever came back to my primary care physician with a 99 degree fever. He also diagnosed my illness as a sinus infection with fluid in the left ear & prescribed a course of Prednisone with a dose of 60mg for two days, 50 mgs for two days, and on down to a final 10mg for two days and finished. All this time I had almost no congestion and didn\u2019t really feel sick except for a fever. This is my first item of concern.While on the prednisone, about day 4 or 5, I felt very odd especially in my head. Kind of dizzy, disorientated, lightheaded, etc. but after I finished the prednisone I was okay for 4 days. The weird dizzy, lightheaded feeling came back worse than when I was taking the prednisone(at this time I had a normal temprature) and reached severe limits as my vision was slightly blurry, I was feeling extremely anxious, etc. I went to the ER and found that my blood pressure was up to 160 over 10. They gave me 2-10mg Ativan tablets, saw my BP come down and they released me with a diagnosis of a bad drug reaction to the prednisone with anxiety related symptoms and prescribed me 10mg ativan to take as needed for anxiety. After leaving the ER my head still felt very dizzy and lightheaded.When I went to my primary care physician as per the ERs recommendation, I told him about everything that happened. He took my blood pressure finding it to be 127/96, told me my stress responses where increased with hyper reflex response and dilated pupiles. He said to keep taking the ativan as needed and I should be okay.Over the course of a month and a half until yesterday I have been experiencing the same dizziness and lightheaded weird feeling in my head, a strange feeling at the base of my skull, ringing in my right ear which I had experienced mostly in the morning and at night, heavy anxiety, sensativity to light (which has lessend), I had three episodes where my hands have shaken for maybe 10 mins, pressure on my templesso I went back to my primary care doctor.I told him about the lightheadedness, dizziness but I forgot to mention the other symptoms. Was that a mistake? He looked into my ears and found I had liquid behind BOTH ears now with the left ear being worse than the right. He did some sort of eye test where I followed a light with my eyes. He said I had some sort of reaction that he said I have vertigo and prescribed my Meclizine HCL 25mgs to be taken 3 times a day as needed. I left the office feeling better with hardly any of the above negative symptoms.Today I took one Meclizine as a preventative measure as I was not dizzy or lightheaded etc(I was not dizzy/lightheaded at the time) and the symptoms came back within an 2 hours of taking it.My question is I\u2019ve been having these episodes of dizziness, lightheadedness etc for over a month along with the other symptoms. Some have gone but my head feels weird still, I\u2019ve tried everything and nothings working.I have hypochondriac type tendencies and all the while during this I\u2019ve been extremely scared which has at points intensified these dizzy lightheaded feelings.Am I trouble?? What should I do??Thank you so much, God Bless", "title": "I\u2019ve been having these episodes of dizziness, lightheaded etc for over a month?"}
{"text": "2 months ago I started getting these small bumps all over my body progressively the bumps turn into rashes and now they\u2019re like flat surfaces with bumps around the edges all of them are around and I\u2019m really scared I don\u2019t have insurance to go to the hospital and I really don\u2019t know what to do the one that was on my chest totally healed but the one on my leg got bigger and it looks terrible I have one in the palm of my hand and on the other hand I have to starting to peel and spread wider39 5\u20198 165 suffered from blood clots but after medication and 8 months non foun", "title": "Small bumps all over my body, turning into rashes, I\u2019m really scared?"}
{"text": "I am a 38 year old female. I\u2019ve had urinary sensitivity for many years, but rarely have had UTIs. Usually I take otc AZO and my irritating symptoms go away on their own. I\u2019ve had symptoms over the last couple of weeks. AZO helps some with the pain, but not as well as usual. This doesn\u2019t necessarily feel like the burning typical of UTI. My bladder is achy and heavy (pressure) with pain during urination that comes and goes. It is not going away as expected. Today, upon first urination, I found my urine to look completely strange. It almost looked like oil and water mixed, but that the \u201coil\u201d on top of the water had a bunch of white stuff floating in it. I have also been peeing a lot lately (but very thirsty/drinking more, so may make sense?). I have low back/side pain (achy, with bouts of more severe shooting/stabbing feel). I also get that shooting/stabbing pain in my abdomen. This has happened in all quadrants, with the upper left and lower pelvis area being the most severe. My usual pain meds aren\u2019t working as well as they usually do. I\u2019m used to pain, but would like to lessen or eliminate as much of it as possible, of course. My aching pain varies in intensity from 4-7 and the shooting pains vary from 8-nearly 10, at times. I had similar symptoms a few months ago. Urine was tested and CT done. I believe all of that was normal at that time. Starting around then, and continuing today, I\u2019ve also been quite nauseous and have watery diarrhea everyday. I have a referral to GI to look into this, but wanted to mention it in case it could be connected. And I have a swallow study this week because my esophagus spasms sometimes and I can\u2019t complete my swallow or breathe in or out until that finishes. I do have fibromyalgia, so I try not to go to the doctor unless a symptom is way more severe or completely out of the norm or new for me. I have been having way more health issues over the last 1 1/2 years, beginning with gallbladder removal (stones) and complete hysterectomy for pain and severe bleeding. I also have PCOS. I\u2019ve been to the doctor quite a bit and am not sure what to do. When I go in and they don\u2019t find anything conclusive, if they test at all, they often assume it\u2019s related to fibromyalgia or nothing at all. I am also currently working with a neurologist for severe short-term memory loss, confusion, missing time, changes in senses, increased muscle weakness and neuropathy testing. I\u2019m sorry for all of the back story, but I thought it may be important. I don\u2019t know what to do right now for my bladder(?) problem, or any of the problems really. Go to the doctor again or wait it out??? What could be causing all this? Thank you!Surgical Hx: Tonsilectomy (age 5), appendectomy and R ovary torsion (age 12), R ovary removal (1998), R shoulder stabilization (2000), gallbladder removal and complete hysterectomy (2015)Current RXs: Zofran 4 mg, 1 every 8 hrs, as needed\nSeroquel 50 mg, 3/bedtime\nMedical cannabis, as needed\nLoperamide 2 mg, 1 every 8 hrs, as needed\nEstradiol 1 mg 1/bedtime\nZoloft 100 mg, 2/bedtime\nVistaril 25 mg, take 1 3x/day as needed\nTylenol 500 mg, take 2 2-3x/day as needed\nIbuprofen 800 mg, take 1 2-3x/day as needed\nGabapentin 300 mg, take 3 2x/day\nGuaifenesin 400 mg, 1 every 4 hrs, as needed\nFish oil\nMultivitami", "title": "I have fibromyalgia, being treated by neurologist, now bladder is achy and heavy (pressure) with pain?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 26, female and  I think I may have septic, I don\u2019t have a family doctor, and want to know if I\u2019m in danger. I have had knots come up in the crease of my leg and get big and hurt bad, sometimes they pop with green yellow stuff that smells terrible. That has been going on for about a year or so. I have had a very high heart rate the highest was 186 lowest was 128. I have MVP since birth. I had my OBGYN take blood when the knots kept coming and she found out I have two types of blood clotting disorder. The last week I have felt terrible!! I\u2019m extremely weak, can\u2019t sleep, fever (but goes away once I take my pain meds), hot and cold over and over thru the day, no energy to get out of bed! I truly feel like I\u2019m wasting away, I feel terrible and don\u2019t know what to do\u2026..please help??", "title": "I think I may have septic shock, I\u2019m extremely weak, can\u2019t sleep, fever?"}
{"text": "I am at 28 just recently had a tooth pulled on Thursday I woke up I am extremely fatigued I don\u2019t feel very well I have a severe headache my heart rate is elevated very weak need to know what this could b", "title": "recently had a tooth pulled I am extremely fatigued I don\u2019t feel very well I have a severe headache my heart rate is elevated"}
{"text": "I have varicocele 3rd grade.But my sperm count & sperm are healthy in normal range.My question is there any chance to improve male fertility if I go for varicocele microsurgery", "title": "I have varicocele 3rd grade can I improve male fertility if improve male fertility if I go for varicocele microsurgery?"}
{"text": "Female age 45.  No major past medical history.\nAttached photo of a mole -upper leg near crease to hip area.   \u2013 occasional itching \u2013 itched it a couple months ago and seemed to get bigger when it grew back.\n    Does this look like a cancerous mole", "title": "I have a mole on my legs is it a cancerous mole?"}
{"text": "My wife is 58.  She has no known allergies to medications and does not take any daily.  For years she has taken excedrin daily for body aches and sumatriptan for migraines(not daily).  Early last week she stopped taking excedrin because of having a colonoscopy this week.  She is taking tylenol arthritis until the procedure.\nBy last Wednesday she stated experiencing pressure and a heaviness in her legs so much so that its causing great discomfort for sleep and daily routine.  We have googled online connections to PAD, MS, vein issues, blood clots, etc. and nothing seems to fit the bill.  Her Mom was in her early 50s when she had mobility issues and was said to have had a vitamin B12 lacking, causing her leg issues.  Fibromyalgia is a thought.  Would bone cancer come on that sudden? A few weeks ago she had her annual with our doctor and had blood work done with no hints of this.  Just came on with stopping excedrin for 10 days. Thanks (\u2026", "title": "58 year old experiencing pressure and a heaviness in her legs?"}
{"text": "22,female: I underwent vaginal septum removal on the 4th of October 2016. I have noticed light brown watery discharge (periods stopped 2days ago) and I\u2019m experiencing vaginal rash and labia irritation (itchy and swollen). Dalacin VC clindamycin phosphate was prescribed after the procedure", "title": "I underwent vaginal septum removal I\u2019m experiencing vaginal rash and labia irritation"}
{"text": "Hi, my mom recently have her routine laboratories because she had cancer way back 2015, s/p mastectomy and 6sessions of chemotherapy oct2015. She had her liver ultrasound less than 3months ago and it shows fatty liver, her sgpt that time is slightly elevated. And now, she just did her Alkaline phosphatase test 2 days ago and it is slightly elevated, her result is 320 u/l and the laboratories normal value for ALP is 64-306 u/l, should we get worried about it? Thanks", "title": "Cancer back in 2015, are laboratory results worrisome?"}
{"text": "Gender: female\nAge: 30 years old\nPast conditions: hypothyroidism\nCurrent conditions: severe hair loss\nMy name is (\u2026) im 30years old. My symptoms start nearly 2 weeks ago my hair start fall down so severe i lost almost half of my hair. 2days ago start to feel sort of weakness in my arms starts from fingers to elbows. Also my sleep increased by 2 hours. I start to feel so stressed bcuz the loss of my hair and i believe it make it worse. Btw i have a hypothyroidism im taking euthyrox 50mg but my thyroid level is in normal range", "title": "I\u2019m have hypothyroidism and losing my hair?"}
{"text": "Several days ago my cousin felt abdominal pain. After undergoing several tests, doctors discovered a cyst on her ovary. FYI my cousin is only 10 years old. The doctor recommend that she should undergo for surgery because his cyst is already has 10 cm diameter.\nI would like to ask is there any side effects after cyst removal surgery(such as infertility or other side effect)?\nIs there other alternatives to remove the cysts beside surgery", "title": "10 year old has cyst on ovary, any alternative to surgery?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 19 and I\u2019m a bit concerned that my job performance may be altered by a mental problem. I\u2019m at a relatively prestigious university and maintain my grades well enough so it\u2019s not that I\u2019m concerned about my mental capacity, rather, I have problems sometimes remembering simple facts. I\u2019ve already been fired from another job because I couldn\u2019t remember to do simple things (check fax confirmations, saving documents, etc). I\u2019m having the same problems in my new job, sometimes people will call and by the time I transfer them I\u2019ve already forgot who called. It\u2019s gone beyond simple forgetfulness, what is concerning is that it seems to be happening more frequently. I haven\u2019t had a concussion or anything but that\u2019s the type of thing this feels like. It doesn\u2019t seem normal and I\u2019m really concerned. Any help would be great, thanks", "title": "I\u2019m only 19 but have problems remembering very simple facts, happening more and more frequently?"}
{"text": "I m suffering in anxiety. severe symptoms show on 19 August, 2016 when i get pannic attacks. i consult with psychiatrist. he diagnosed that this is anxiety. at start i thought i m going to die then pannic attacks come. fear of deth i feel when get pannic attack. he prescribed me Prolexa 10mg half tablet for six days then full dose after 6 days upto six months, and half tablet of rivotril for 12 days then stop taking rivotril. after one week i m feeling better but after one week i again got pannic attack at night when i was sleeping. after 4 days again i recover. then after 15 days again pannic attacks start i consult the doctor he increased the dose of prolexa tablet from one tablet to one and half tablet. again i recover. 10 days ago again i suffer in pannic attacks. again my doctor increase the dose and this time medication shows side effects due to higher dose. now my head feel heaviness and i feel that my brain is not fresh and severe dizziness. and i feel that half of my brain is sleeping. i want to ask these side effects are due to higher dose?? or something else is cause of these symptoms. i also want to ask how much time i have to take medicine to recover anxiety?? plzzzz suggest some suggestions i will be thankful to you", "title": "Suffering panic/anxiety attacks, psychiatrist keeps increasing meds, feel my brain is sleeping?"}
{"text": "My father (78 y) underwent TURP 3 months ago.Now he has got multi drug resistant pseudomonas UTI. only sensitive collistin injection was given but UTI not cured. what we can do?Can we use apple cider vinegar for this.He has diabetes", "title": "Underwent TURP 3 months ago.Now have multi drug resistant Pseudomonas UTI"}
{"text": "Iam a female, 56 years of age. My medical history is lengthy, but here goes, November 2004, major heart attack, stent fitted, left with angina and only 3 chambers in the heart working, approx 4 to 6 months later after complaining of severe fatigue, bloods showed a TH level of 98.6, diagnosis, under active thyroid. 12 months later diagnosed with chronic Fibromyalgia, 2 years later diagnosed with Crohn\u2019s disease, recently diagnosed with diverticulitis.\nPresently being treated for bronchitis and flu like symptoms and sores to the face which is treated with a steroid cream, as it is dry and very itchy.\nWhy am I not getting better, my thyroid dose has been increased and I take vitamin D every day, iron tablets 3 times a day as iron levels came back at 15, I\u2019m on my second lot of anti biotic and still have the flu like symptoms and the chronic fatigue, whats wrong with me", "title": "I had major heart attack, active thyroid, Crohn\u2019s disease, diverticulitis, bronchitis. What\u2019s wrong with me?"}
{"text": "I had a sleeve gastronomy in 2012 and since then I have a pain in my elbow. It started as a sharp shock every time I swallowed but now it also can just hurt anytime, it sometimes keeps me awake at night, I don\u2019t know what causes it but its only since I the operation\u2026.I am female and 48 years oldI take Atorvastatin, Ergocalciferol, Ferrous fumarate, Lansoprazole, Levothyroxine sodium, Tranexamic, Zinc sulfate monohydrate and Metformi", "title": "I had a sleeve gastronomy, sharp shock, anytime?"}
{"text": "Hi my dad has a fever of 100.8 and he is having lower left quadrant pain and has swelling on the same side and his left arm is also swollen he is having pain urinating and he is tired alot and he don\u2019t do nothing I barely touch his side to give him a hug and he pulls away cause he is in alot of pain. I would like to know if you could help me and let me know what I should do for my dad please his appetite is going down hill and he can\u2019t even finish a cup of coffee", "title": "Hi my dad has a fever, lower left quadrant pain, he is tired and no appetite?"}
{"text": "Head spasm followed by headache and one time head spasm was followed by blurring of vision. My head spasm seems to occur a little often. Is this just a normal headache", "title": "Head spasm followed by headache and blurring of vision?"}
{"text": "Hi\nI\u2019m 45 and female\nI have a burning cramp sensation in my stomach area usually on the left around the waist area, But it isn\u2019t inside the stomach it\u2019s like the outside under the skin. The area is tender when I touch it. It happens randomly not regular, mostly when I stand up or bend over, sometimes it can happen when I\u2019m lying down and move sometimes", "title": "I have a burning cramp sensation in my stomach area usually on the left around the waist area?"}
{"text": "There is a white ball of something in the back right hand  side of my throat. Its sticking out and i can feel it so its annoying me. It looks like a clumped ball of tonsil stones but it isnt them. I have no other symptoms except the annoyance of feeling it there. female, 18, no medical histor", "title": "I have a white growth (lump) in the side of my throat?"}
{"text": "51 yo male. Having sharp pains in back of head. Loud ringing in my ears for last week. Head feels like it is being crushed. No head trauma. Dizzy. Last night woke up 2 times with panic attacks both times. Felt like I was not breathing. Kinda worried", "title": "Sharp pains in back of head. Loud ringing in my ear. Head feels like it is being crushed?."}
{"text": "I an 41 yr old female. I have low iron 4, hemoglobin 92,and b12 low and my storage cells are depleted. I\u2019m extremely exhausted it\u2019s been 3 months and numbers not going up. I have bone pain in my legs. Fast heart beat 100 Bpm. Did stress test flow is good. Did colonoscopy and gastroscopy found hernia in esophagus and set 4 biopsy away waiting for answers. Can\u2019t work can\u2019t do physical activity too drained. Cold hand and feet and cold to bone. Face goes white when very exhausted change color", "title": "I\u2019m extremely exhausted, I have bone pain in my legs. Fast heart beat?"}
{"text": "Hi there,I am 22 years old, female. For the past 2 weeks, I have been feeling sick, tired, dizzy, had what the doctors called pre-faints and been getting sever migraines on one side with weakness on one side of my body too. I have recently been diagnosed with celiacs and have been eating a gluten free diet since. I had a blood test last week to find out my vitamin b12 and iron levels are fine now. I have also started to now get a pain in my stomach and there seems to be blood in my stool. I also have a little lump to the right of my anus.. any clue of what this could be or how to help me feel better please!", "title": "Diagnosed with celiacs, blood in my stools, lump right of my anus, feeling sick, tired, dizzy?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 20 years old I was born with my small intestines not together and I had to have surgery at birth and I have a pin holding my intestines together. With me being pregnant is that going to affect the pin? I\u2019m 12 week and I haven\u2019t had pain in the area where the pin is. I just wanna know can I still have a healthy pregnancy", "title": "I was born with small intestines \u2013 now held together with pins, I\u2019m pregnant, will pins hold?"}
{"text": "Hi my 4 year old son has a lump on the back of his neck on his right side he says hurts and more so if touche", "title": "4 year old son has a lump on the back of his neck?"}
{"text": "Been having stiff neck and slight pain in surrounding areas,can you tell me what could cause my neck to look crooked?\nThank", "title": "Crooked stiff neck and slight neck pain?"}
{"text": "Hi, my son who is 20 months old does not communicate(No pointing etc) however he is potty trained(needs diaper only in night). He knows A-Z, can recognize A-Z and a-z knows 1-20. knows more than 20 animals knows sounds of animals and can tell few colors, knows lots of fruits and vegetables he is very smart otherwise but when it comes to communicate he don\u2019t do anything. if he needs water he keep looking at it and than I have to give it. I\u2019m really tensed if there is any issue with him or its just his nature please advice me what should I do", "title": "My son who is 20 months old does not communicate?"}
{"text": "I am 35 weeks pregnant today my vaginal walls are so swollen i cannot see inside and my pelvis hurts so bad I can barely walk. Should I go to er or is this normal for pregnancy", "title": "35 weeks pregnant, my vaginal walls are so swollen i cannot see inside and my pelvis hurts?"}
{"text": "23\nMaleI\u2019ve been having pain in the left side of my chest for about 2 years now. I\u2019ve seen my doctor multiple times, but she doesn\u2019t really know what it could be other than some kind of inflammation. My doctor prescribed ibuprofen which I took for a month or 2, and it did get rid of the pain. A couple months later and the pain is back. I start taking ibuprofen again, but this time it didn\u2019t help. About 2 months ago, I started consuming more Omega-3 fats from fish oil supplements and salmon, and again, it helped at first, but now it seems to not help as much even though I\u2019ve gone from 1 tablet a day to 3. I\u2019m getting worried again that there\u2019s something wrong with my heart, but my doctor seems to think it\u2019s nothing serious. She sent me to get an X-ray a while ago, but nothing came up. Exercise also seems to help temporarily with the pain. What could this pain possibly be", "title": "I have pain in chest, my doctor thinks it is inflammation but I am not sure?"}
{"text": "I am 32 year old male, i have had these symptoms for a long time sneezing (can last for thirty minutes after a shower and morning as well),difficulty breathing, blocked nose,runny nose, teary eyes, i feel itchiness around the chest area on the inside when i cough and every time i visit the doctor am prescribed antihistamines,nasal sprays and these seem not to work.lately the difficulty in breathing is too frequent even when am resting,am also having pains on my right side near the chest just at the diaphragm.i have experienced this pain for two years now.its on n off..additionally every time i sneeze i produce unusual sputum which is clear/colorless but looks like ice crystals.This is making me very unproductive please hel", "title": "I \u2018ve have difficulty breathing, blocked nose,runny nose, teary eyes for long time, now chest pains ?"}
{"text": "16 female\nMy ears keep popping and then I get a really sharp pain in them with some hearing loss\nMy ears pop every 10 \u2013 20 min", "title": "My ears keep popping I get a really sharp pain and lose some hearing"}
{"text": "I am a 19 year old female who has been trying to conceive for a year  haven\u2019t gotten lucky enough. I had one of my ovaries removed 4 years ago due to an ovarian cyst. I also have very irregular periods. Could I be infertile?", "title": "I had one of my ovaries removed, could I be infertile?"}
{"text": "My hip has been hurting for about 10 days now. I\u2019m a 16 year old female. I play soccer.  It\u2019s also was popping in between my groin and hip flexor with a pain deep in there along with it \u201clocking up\u201d and giving out occasionally. Now the pain is mainly deep in my outer hip around the head of my femur bone and deep in my lower buttock. It hurts to run/briskly walk. Or walk for a while. It now progressed to hurting deep in my outer hip even when I\u2019m just laying on my bed. It cracks 3-4 times when I swing my leg outward. The pain in my hip is very achy when I\u2019m not putting it in use. Then it goes into sharp pains when I\u2019m using it. Ive been able to dislocate my hip completely and very easily forever", "title": "My hip has been \u201clocking up\u201d and giving out occasionally?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 30 year old woman who currently takes the mini pill, 40 mg slow release prilosec, probiotics, digestive enzymes and DGL.  I have had stomach issues since july with no relief. As of today I have had a low grade fever of 100.3 and diarrhea for two days an I\u2019m shaky and light headed and weak. I\u2019m wondering time should seek medical attention", "title": "I have stomach issues since july with no relief, I now have fever and diarrhea?"}
{"text": "Hi , my dad(age64) have done his echo today and i have pasted the finding also my dad has an abnormal ECG from childhood\nFindings\n1.coronary artery disease\n2.mild mr,mild tr,mild ar\n3.normal PA pressure and normal dimension\n4.RWMA present\n5.reduced LV systolic function and LVEF 45%\nPls advice what does the result signifies and the treatmen", "title": "My dad has an abnormal ECG?"}
{"text": "I recently had surgery to repair a major pectoralis tear on my left side. The surgeon used suture anchors to reattach the tendon. He placed 4 anchors into my arm, but only 3 are being utilized in the repair. Apparently the 4th anchor broke during the procedure and he could not retrieve it. So I have a broken, unused anchor in my arm. Two questions: 1) Is 3 anchors enough for an effective repair? 2) Should I be concerned about the 4th, unused anchor that is in my bone? Thank you very much in advanced", "title": "Surgeon left a broken anchor in me, Should I be concerned?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nRecently I\u2019ve been having a lot of stomach problems. In the past month or so I\u2019ve had two flare ups where my stomach gets extremely extended (looks like I\u2019m about 6 months pregnant and none of my pants fit) for three to four days. I have normal bowel movements during that time and am able to pass gas although it feels like trapped gas. No amount of tums help. This last time I developed a light rash on my upper abdomen (almost like a band where it reached around to my back). I went to the Doctor the first time and was told it was a bacterial infection. It went away the next day. Could I really have had another bacterial infection or is there something else going on? I definitely have IBS but nothing this bad before", "title": "I\u2019ve had two flare ups where my stomach gets extremely extended?"}
{"text": "Age: 24\nGender: FemaleDetails:\nI was diagnosed with chlamydia back in July after contracting it in March. I got treated and took 1 gram of Azithromycin in a single dose.Over the last few months I have been experiencing pain during sex and more painful periods. I went to an STD clinic to get retested and they suspected I had PID. I was subsequently prescribed doxycycline twice a day for two weeks. In this time my test results back and I was found negative for chlamydia and everything else.Was the doctor correct in diagnosing me with PID? And, if so, has she prescribed me the correct medication?Thank", "title": "I was diagnosed with chlamydia and now with Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID)?"}
{"text": "EEG and neuropsych test results: what next steps would be prudent?58-year-old female with history of depression, which is currently being treated with venlafaxine; no depressive symptoms at present. History of ECT; last session 05/16, total of 17 treatments over approximately 8 months. Mild REM sleep behavior disorder. Memory/cognitive complaints for past approximately 5 years, which are becoming more frequent and worsening. Family history of Parkinson\u2019s and/or dementia among mother\u2019s siblings; two of the five with dementia were early-onset, one likely vascular. Nothing abnormal in most recent blood work, other than total cholesterol (236). Blood pressure is normal. History of breast cancer in 2012, treated with bilateral mastectomy; no chemo or radiation. Fatty liver disease (non-alcoholic). No alcohol/drug use; no current tobacco use. Early macular degeneration (dry type). Formerly worked as a systems analyst/programmer and project manager, computer systems trainer, network administrator. 14 years\u2019 education, as well as avid pursuit of a wide variety of interests and hobbies. Lives alone; recently requires assistance with some activities such as bill-paying. CT performed subsequent to fall 06/16. Mild cerebral atrophy and ischemic changes. Underwent neuropsychological testing in 07/16. Dementia Rating Scale -2 result: 134/144. Report states that \u201cThis pattern of performance is suggestive of very subtle frontal and subcortical system involvement\u201d and \u201cGiven the presence of REM sleep behavior disorder and her family history, the possibility of underlying disorder such as Parkinson\u2019t disease should be ruled out, and should continue to be monitored. Similar cognitive findings can be observed with Parkinson\u2019s disease.\u201d Repeated testing to be conducted in one year.\n\u2014\u2014\u2013\nEEG was performed in 08/16 at Mayo in Rochester. Verbatim report follows: CLINICAL INTERPRETATION: The short-term video EEG shows a moderate degree of intermittent focal slowing over the left frontotemporal head region. This finding is consistent with a moderate disturbance of cerebral function or focal lesion involving this region. No clear epileptiform discharges are seen. EEG CLASSIFICATION: SPECIAL STUDY \u2013 Short-term video EEG. Dysrhythmia grade 2: left frontotemporal (awake and asleep). EKG monitor. REPORT: This short-term video EEG recording during wakefulness contains 9-10 Hz background activity. Intermittent, moderate amplitude, polymorphic 1-2 Hz delta slowing is present over the left frontotemporal head region. No abnormal activity occurred during photic stimulation. Hyperventilation was not performed due to concerns about ischemia. During the recording, the patient fell asleep spontaneously. No additional activation was seen during sleep. The EKG was unremarkable. \u2014\u2014\u2014\nWhat, if anything, should be done to follow up on this EEG? If there\u2019s a neurologist reading this, what would you suggest for this patient?  What questions should she ask of her providers", "title": "58-year-old female experiencing neurological problems\u2026 Parkinson\u2019s disease?"}
{"text": "I have staphylococcus epidermidis bladder infection. Hve taken antibiotic 10 days amoxicilin clavulanate. Infection continues. Hve kidney problems (1 kidney) so am very worried especially because I don\u00b4t know where I got this. Doctar says its a skin bact\u00e9ria\u2026.how did I get bladder infection then? Also I was nowhere close to a hospital where apparently one also gets it\u2026.no one seems to give me an answer so I won\u2019t know how to prevent it again. Have had other infections quite regularly since my ureter operation 10 years ago (endometrioses blockage) but always knew where from. Also what antibiotic is the most effective\u2019 I am allergic to Bactrim.\nPlease help\u2026I am 49 female\nthank", "title": "I have staphylococcus epidermidis bladder infection?"}
{"text": "20 year old male\nTalking amoxycillin for postnasal drip and dry throat with coughI have recently gotten symptoms of hard pulse in my right neck artery and have a slightly numb ear pressure feeling and slight numbness down the neck. I have no other symptoms but an extremely worried. I have taken an aspirin 300mg should I go to the ER", "title": "I  have hard pulse in neck artery, numb ear pressure feeling, neck numbness?"}
{"text": "I am 17, female, I was born with bilateral pars defect and have spondylolysis in L5 to S1 area that has progressed to a 10% shift. I take Dolased once every couple weeks but the pain in my back is getting worse. I get burning pain like Red Hot pokers are being wedge in my back. I get a numb sensation across my shoulders typically on my left. I go numb in my butt down the back of my legs. I can\u2019t sit or stand for more than an hour an a half. I need to know if I can fix this or help with the pai", "title": "I was born with bilateral pars defect and have spondylolysis, can I fix this or help with the pain?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) i was admitted into the hospital Sunday for my face being swollen i got diagnosed with ( Angioedema). And then released Wednesday. I woke up with a swollen face at 4:00 am and took a 25 mg. Benadryl and a half 800 mg Ibuprofen it didn\u2019t help me im more swollen now in my face. Neck. Hands. Feet. With some itching and a little burning.  What can i do at home to get the swelling to go down some?", "title": "Admitted into the hospital for Angioedema, how to get swelling to go down?"}
{"text": "Hi, i broke out into a rash starting behind my ears on monday, I took allergy pills and put cream on  as i thought its just an allergic reaction to something, its spread to the back of my neck and my face.. its itchy & my ears are now dry skin. Is this more then just an allergic reaction?\nIm female age 2", "title": "Rash behind my ears, spread to neck and face Is this more then just an allergic reaction?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor!\nI am worried because before 8 months i did a transvaginal examination that results like: the size of uterus 63mmx 32mm x 40 mm. Normal stucture. Normal cavity. Right ovary with a bilateral microcystic structure 35mm x 23 mm. Left ovary with a ilateral microcystic 38mm x 23mm. Douglas free.\nAfter the examination i took during 6 months jasmin, and i did a transabdominal examination that resulted : the right ovary with a microcystic structure 41mmx 25 mm, left ovary with a micro cystic structure 39mmx25mm. Why the microcystics are not disapear? Will i have any difficulty in my fertility in the future? I am 22 years old, since i was 14, I had problems with acne in my face   and too much pain during periods. Now i continue taking jasmin, and the acne and the pain during periods are disappeared but i still have the microcysts. Please what can i do? I\u2019 m afraid of not getting pregnant in the future   i would appreciate your answer! Thank you", "title": "Idid a transvaginal examination with unusual results? I\u2019 m afraid of not getting pregnant in the future."}
{"text": "I have not been well for two years with gastro issues, sweating, weight loss, thick phlegm.  In fact a lot of the symptoms point to some form of autonomic neuropathy.  I also have thick phlegm and a strange tickling sensation in my chest.  A low dose ct was clear in Feb 2016, but I am worried about sclc causing paraneoplastic autonomic neuropathy with the tumor being too small to appear on CT. Am I being silly?  I am male 49", "title": "I am ill  for two years with gastro issues, sweating, weight loss, thick phlegm?"}
{"text": "For a month I have been having severe back pain worsens when I eat but always around. I have been having migraines, nauseous, dizzy, sleep a lot, abdominal pain, bloated beyond belief , acid reflex. I was told I had a kidney infection and took medication for it. However, I still have the pain. I had an ultrasound of my kidneys and gallbladder with blood work and everything came back fine. I was diagnosed with PCOS a couple years ago and am positive I am not pregnant. I was told today to go to the gynecologist because it could be my ovaries. Very lost and in so much pain. Hel", "title": "I was told I had a kidney infection, I still have the pain but ultrasound says no infection?"}
{"text": "Male 52 I\u2019ve had a superficial thrombphlebitis for a month now, Hospital has put on a 6 week course of 100mg clexane daily which I\u2019ve been on for a week now, But i\u2019m getting very bad bruising all over belly & was wondering if Its safe to inject into a bruise or should i stop taking clexane & see docto", "title": "I\u2019m getting very bad bruising all over, safe to inject clexane in bruise?"}
{"text": "I am a 27 year old woman. I suffer very less urine since one month ago and feel  something is pressing not to able to urinate very well and happens very slow drain in Urination. This happens very most to first time urination at every morning. Whole day urination is ok. I did check up IVU for kidney and USG . Urine test  too. All are normal and No abnormal results are found.  According to USG result, I have ovary cysts but it is not big. Just 2.6 cm. Let me know the answer please why I suffer this  and what i need to check for.\nThanks advanced", "title": "I have a decreased urine output, but all tests are normal?"}
{"text": "Dear All, i am 32 yr old male.  have a no real medical history of illness apart from i suffer with anxiety and depression for which i currently take no medication.\nover recent months my insides have not been working constantly well and i often have constipation and diarrhea. i do have aches in my stomach and insides and it is often bloated after food and alcohol.\ntoday i was sitting at my desk and my mouth just filled with dark red blood and a single clot the size of a 5 pence piece. i have no signs of any blisters sores etc in my mouth.\ni am a heavy smoker and exercise little.please could you advis", "title": "My mouth just filled with dark red blood?"}
{"text": "22-female, had dengue at 20. No medications. Few days ago, while standing for about 10minutes, i suddenly felt numbness on my neck up to my head and then as time passes by i am losing my vision little by little and replaced by something like blurry black rain instead, when the vision left was only about 5-10%, i decided to sit and drink water. After few minutes i broke into cold sweat and little by little my vision came back but the stiffness in my neck was still there. Does this normally happen? If not, what could possibly be wrong with me", "title": "I had dengue fever, feel numbness, losing my vision, broke into cold sweat?"}
{"text": "One of my parathyroids is on my aortic arch.  I have a high calcium level 245.  Can this cause a heart attack? Should I have it removed?Age 66    aspirin 81 mg  hydorcholorothiaside 25 mg  levothyroxine 75mcg  relaxifeve 60 m", "title": "I have parathyroids on my aortic arch. Can this cause a heart attack?"}
{"text": "I recently stayed at a (\u2026) hotel and was attacked by bed bugs. I have pictures of the mattresses. It took a month for the bites to heal and Shortly after I contracted staph infections all over my body. I just left the hospital and they gave me (flagyl) metronidazole 500 mg, and Sulfamethoxazole and trimethoprim 400 mg / 80 mg. And Valacyclovir hydrochloride 1 gram.   I have staph and mrsa in my nose and ears. Staph Bois on my legs buttocks and all over my scalp. I\u2019m freaking out what do I do. Should I go get a second opinion or are my antibiotics effectiv", "title": "I recently stayed at a hotel and was attacked by bed bugs, I have bites all over?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m very concerned about my health because I got my urine test answer and my leukocytes 40000, 17000 erythrocytes, and i had some epithelial cells. Can you please tell me whats wrong with my health", "title": "My urine test shows leukocytes 40000, 17000 erythrocytes, and I had some epithelial cells?"}
{"text": "I have been dealing with left shoulder/arm pain for about 2 1/2 years.  The pain has never really ever been constant, but lifting my arm generates acute pain from under the AC joint, and continues in a line down the outside of my arm (maybe the width of a pencil).  Medications, therapy, and rest were unsuccessful, and rheumatoid arthritis was ruled out.  Finally, I was diagnosed with bursitis, and had surgery a month ago following 3 temporary pain relieving cortisone shots.  I suspect my other shoulder is starting to have the same issue, and I\u2019ve recently discovered I occasionally have high blood pressure, which has never been diagnosed, and is getting more frequent, but It has never came up with my doctors.  Do you think high blood pressure could be causing my shoulder/arm/muscle/joint pain? Or causing bursitis because the high blood pressure is going untreated?  Sorry if this is longer than normal. I\u2019m just desperate to find solutions. Thank u. If u can elaborate a bit u may change my life", "title": "I have bursitis in one arm, the other arm also hurting, can it be high blood pressure?"}
{"text": "Hello I am a 20 year old female. I have the same sexual partner for 4 years and an ENT doctor looked through with an endoscopy and said it was reflux laryngitis. It has been 1 month since I have noticed it & it has not left. It feels like bumps & looks like the same size, never grew. But I feel stuff caught in the back as well when I swallow but it does not hurt. I have tested for gonorrhea and chlamydia & waiting for results back. I have a picture attached. Could it be laryngitis, an std or throat cancer? Please help", "title": "Bumps in my throat, could it be laryngitis, an std or throat cancer?"}
{"text": "I had a big hard lump under my surgical incision four months after the surgery.I had my metacarpal sugery on 28th April to fix my fifth finger. Now the wound has healed and my bone\u2019s alignment is good on X-ray. However there is still that big, hard lump on my fifth knuckle, where the incision is. I am very worried and my surgeon suggest me to do scar message and come back to him in late Oct.After searching online I realised I may developed keloid or hypertrophic scar. However I would like to figure out which is the one I have (their degree of harm are fundamentally different I guess).I am 21 years old, male, Asian.Thank you very much", "title": "I may developed keloid or hypertrophic scar, which do I have?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m an 18 year old female and I\u2019ve never had any health problems of any kind before. I\u2019m wondering what\u2019s wrong and if I should go to the doctors. I have been having diarrhea for about two weeks and felt very worn out and not been able to sleep. I also keep feeling like I want to vomit after I eat and slightly dizzy (I haven\u2019t thrown up though). Also I have felt freezing for the past week or so even though my flatmates have said they are roasting. Should I be worried? Thank", "title": "I feel worn out, can\u2019t sleep, nauseous and cold?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nI\u2019m a 16 years old girl. I am a healthy, the only thing I have is pollen allergy since I was 6 years old. More than two weeks ago, on my skin spontaneously began to appear purple linear changes like petechiae. It started from the forearms, about 2 cm and than started to spread. Later it came out on upper arms, neck, left lower leg and right thigh. I had these changes on the buccal mucosa. Before changes occur I feel burning sensation and strong pain in veins. I had a mild swelling of the joints of arms and legs. Veins are more pronounced during the pain and changes. All blood tests are good. CRP, PT and PTT test are good. A lot of analysis has been done, but I still do not know what it is. They suspected vasculitis but it is not confirmed.\nI hope so that you can help me. Best regards and thank you", "title": "I have pollen allergy, on my skin began to appear purple linear changes?"}
{"text": "My mother had a sever pain in her lower back that traveled upward and had trouble breathing  a couple days ago, she is about 70. Since then she saw a chiropractor but wont see a doctor, she still has pain, cant walk far, sleeping all the time, spacey, urination problems unspecified but dark in color. She has me worried so any ideas would be welcome. Thank yo", "title": "My mother had a severe pain in her lower back can\u2019t walk far, sleeping all the time, spacey, urination problems?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is (\u2026) and i\u2019m 17 years old and a female. I have been having back pain for I think 2 years now and i\u2019ve not been too a doctor because my parents said it\u2019s just growing pain and this year my back pain has gotten worse and i\u2019m out of breathe really easily especially when I climb up the stairs and my legs always have a numbness either when I sit down for too long. My back pain is the worst if I sit or stand up for too long or if I bend down to pick up something and when I go to bed it\u2019s hard for me to go to bed because it\u2019s hard for me to breathe cause of the pain in my back is so bad and so I can\u2019t sleep on my back and only on my side. Could you please tell me what I have", "title": "I have back pain for 2 years now and I\u2019m out of breathe, but my parents say I\u2019m OK?"}
{"text": "My mother got scratched by a cat on right hand that resulted in a small bleeding wound (on April 18th 2016).Wound was cleaned with water and soap immediately and dettol applied. The physician I consulted asked me to give her rabipur vaccine. Since rabipur was not available in my locality, I brought it from a wholesaler on april 18th night but forgot to keep the vaccine in fridge. On 19th April (day 0), Rabipur was given to my mother (but the vaccine was not kept in fridge overnight), on 22nd April (day 3), she took XPRAB vero cell rabies vaccine (as rabipur was out of supply), on 26th April (day 7) she completely missed the dose, on 3rd May (day 14) she took rabipur at Govt, Hospital. I consulted the physician again and he told me that since the taken doses are all messed up, he asked me to repeat the doses again for my mother on day 0, day 3 ,day 7 and day 14, since rabipur was available this time, so my mother again took rabipur injections in a local pharmacy on 10th May, 13th May, 17th May and 25th May 2016, last dose \u2018day 14\u2019 delayed by 1 day as she had fever .In total ,she took 7 vaccines ,now what happened yesterday she was scratched by our pet cat on finger, there was small blood and it was cleaned immediately, the cat is vaccinated this year in march \u201916 and June \u201916, though the consulting doctor said there is no need for further vaccines, but i still gave her one booster dose today,does she need to take further booster dose of anti rabies vaccine as I read Post-exposure prophylaxis of persons previously appropriately immunized with rabies vaccine consists of: local wound treatment and two 1.0 mL IM doses of rabies vaccine given on days 0 and 3rd, pls suggest", "title": "Scratched by cat, received repetitive doses of rabipur vaccine, any need for more or too many?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctor, Hope you are doing good. I\u2019m a 23 years old unmarried woman.\nRecently I consulted a dermatologist for skin allergy. He asked me to take blood test and thyroid test.\nMy T3 level \u2013 2.64 pg/ml ; T4 level \u2013 1.27 ng/dl ; TSH \u2013 31.810 IU/ml.\nAs per my dermatologist\u2019s advice, I consulted a endocrinologist.\nMy endocrinologist said that my TSH level is very high and I should take THYRONORM 75mcg for life time (with change in dosages).\nAfter taking thyronorm for a week, again skin allergy started. So I again consulted my dermatologist. He said THYRONORM 75 mcg should be given to people having hyperthyroid and not hypothyroid. I got confused after hearing his statement.\nAm I being treated in correct way?\nIs it possible to do a surgery for my thyroid imbalance?\nSome of my friends suggested me to do Yoga breathing practices and take homeopathy or Ayurvedic treatment as it will give permanent cure.Is that so?Sorry to ask too many questions. I have many doubts about the newly developed disease. But not getting proper answers anywhere. Hope you will solve all my doubts.\nThanks in advance", "title": "I am taking thyronorm for a week, again skin allergy started, is it the right meds?"}
{"text": "my 6 year old was diagnosed with Cellulitis a few weeks ago. after taking her medication prescribed, everything looked ok. now shes having the same sores as before appear on her again and complaining it burning her. what do i do", "title": "my 6 year old was diagnosed with Cellulitis what do i do?"}
{"text": "My son has a fever, He is 2 years old. His temperature is 101.8-100.8. I took his temp from under his arm. All I want to know is if I need to take my son to a doctor in the morning.I gave him a bath when I realized he had a fever. when he got out he had the shakes and was cold instantly. The bath water was warm not to hot. I gave him Tylenol at 9:00 pm and then again at 1:00 am. But when I went to give him his second dose it did not feel like the fever was going down", "title": "My son has a fever of 101.8-100.8, what should I do?"}
{"text": "Hello! I am an 18 year old female with no history of significant health problems and no past piercing infections. I have two cartilage piercings that seem to be infected? I got them pierced in April and recently decided to switch earrings. While this hurt, I managed to get the new earrings in,  it discovered that there were red bleeding bumps on the piercing sites. They\u2019re still there, but now they\u2019re not on the exact piercing site, and more so around it. I\u2019m concerned they\u2019re keloids or something. They are still quite sore and the bumps are still a reddish pink color. What should I do", "title": "I have two cartilage piercings (piercing infections) that seem to be infected?"}
{"text": "I am 7 weeks and 4 days pregnant female.. my weight is 115kg.. I feel mild cramps today and i have spotting problem too.. Loke before 2 days my spotting was continuous for 3 days.. doctor gave mn dophaston 10mg and transamin for that.. my baby growing is too slow.. today i again check the strip pregnancy test and The pregnancy line was slight lighter than before.. is it alarming?? What should i do now?? Please guide me.", "title": "My baby is growing too slow, is it alarming?"}
{"text": "I have been having really painful pelvic pain for about two weeks now. I didn\u2019t go to the doctor because the pain was going away but I woke up this morning and I have never been in so much pain.  I can\u2019t poop and it hurts when I urinate. I also have a weird vaginal smell and discharge. When I woke up this morning, I took a shower and proceeded with my morning routine until I suddenly felt very faint and nauseated. My muscles have been aching as well. I am 18yrs old. The last time that I\u2019ve felt like this is when I had chlamydia (embarrassing) last year. Could this be the case again", "title": "I have been having really painful pelvic pain for about two weeks now?"}
{"text": "months ago at work I was found unconscious. Black eye, broken maxilla, concussion, no bruising anywhere but my head. Unconscious for 3 hours. No memory of what happened. What would you want to test for to rule out causes? No history of losing consciousness, ho health issues, no medications, not obese, not ill, physically active. Female in 50", "title": "I was found unconscious  at work. Black eye, broken maxilla, concussion, no bruising anywhere"}
{"text": "Okay this is kind of embarrassing to say, but I\u2019ll just say it. About 1-2 weeks ago I noticed that my vagina was swollen and that there was a dot on my vagina kind of like a wart on the left side of my vagina. I knew something was up, but I just dismissed it. Then, this past Saturday, I was at my mom\u2019s house and I felt blood coming out of my vagina and I just assumed I had started my period, but when I felt that the blood had stopped I knew something was up, but again I just dismissed it. When I got back home. I looked at my underwear and I saw there was a spot of blood on my underwear. Again, I just dismissed it. Keep in mind that at this time my vagina was still swollen and I still had that wart type dot on it. Then today,Monday, I felt the same sensation of blood coming out of my vagina and then the blood stopped and I looked at my underwear and there it was, a spot of blood. This time my vagina wasn\u2019t swollen and there wasn\u2019t that wart type dot on it. Just in case this matters, I\u2019m an 18 year old Hispanic female and I weigh between 100-110 pounds. I\u2019m 5 foot 1 and I\u2019ve never had sex (virgin). Could anyone give me some information as to what this could be? Any help would be appreciated and no I can\u2019t go to a gynecologist.\nP.S sorry for the long explanation. Also this isn\u2019t my perio", "title": "My vagina is swollen, have  kind of wart, bleeding, but not in my period?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having some really bad stomach pains more on the bottom right and left corner of the stomach . Sometimes it hurts right under my chest.  I can\u2019t even use the restroom without my stomach hurting or whenever I\u2019m done eating it hurts really bad . Once im done eating my stomach gets really hard and starts hurting . The only time I don\u2019t feel the pain is when I\u2019m sleeping . That\u2019s if the pain doesn\u2019t wake me up", "title": "Stomach pain, hard, chest pain The only time I don\u2019t feel the painis when I sleep?"}
{"text": "I have scabies i have taking med 4 times and they say its safe to go awround family that they wouldnt get it. Its not true so i dint know What to believe so my question is.first i want to say im healthy and very clean hygen.  Will they go away by them selfs", "title": "I have scabies, will my family get them?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with breast cancer last year, no node involvement, I have a raised creative kinase, can this indicate secondary cancer? I am 40, 38 when diagnosed, on tamoxifen and had a double mastectom", "title": "I have breast cancer, raised creative kinase, is it a secondary cancer?"}
{"text": "I am a 20 year old female. I have the same and first sexual partner for almost 4 years now. We performed oral and he ejaculated in my mouth when I had burning in one tooth gum. Now I have been experiencing constant chills & sometimes night sweats for almost 2 weeks. I have reflux laryngitis that I am currently dealing with as well. But I also took an influenza seasonal vaccine a week before. Could this be HIV or side affect of the flu shot or laryngitis", "title": "I have been experiencing constant chills, reflux laryngitis is it STDs or flu shot side effects?"}
{"text": "Hello\nI am 23 old. I would like to ask you about my right feet. Seven weeks ago i have a distortion of my inch I. MPT on right foot  . My rentgens was ok. One week ago my doctor sent me on CT scan. I sent to you a picture. It is piece of bone near join(I. MPT.) and i want to ask if it is normally and what it is? For me it looks like the part of bone just seperated. My leg is still swelled and blushed.  Thankyou doc", "title": "My right foot CT scan shows distortion, My leg is swollen?"}
{"text": "27, Female, No bad medical historyI\u2019ve always been healthy and every time I go to doctors they always tell me I\u2019m healthy. I\u2019ve never had surgery or anything worse than a fever.I have been a vegetarian for 2 years. I take multi vitamins, iron supplements and B12. I rarely exercise or move around much, but lately I try to exercise little by little. Lately I would get random coughs about once or twice a week but I\u2019m not sick. Also lately these past few days my nose is clogged but its not running. My breathing has become shallow that I have a hard time falling asleep. I fell asleep a few hours ago for a few mins then woke up because I felt myself pausing on my breath then breathing again. These have not happened to me before. So is it from lack of exercise or something is wrong with me? Also I had my blood checked last month and they said I\u2019m health", "title": "I wake myself up at night, I feel myself pausing on my breath then breathing again"}
{"text": "Hi, I am 37 years old male. and I have some black pimples on penis corona, I don\u2019t know what is it? anyone can help me to diagnose it? I have attached photo for it. many thank", "title": "I have black pimples on penis corona, what are they?"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m 31yo male. I have this small bump at the inner corner of my left eye(refer to the attached image). I noticed it around 2-3 years ago, it was very tiny at that time, so I didn\u2019t bother it. But it definitely grows bigger after a while, although it doesn\u2019t affect my daily life but I\u2019m starting to feel its presence If I\u2019m very focus. It is absolutely painless, but I\u2019m still very worry after seeing how much it grows in size. I would like know what it is, and is this thing cancerous", "title": "I have this small bump at the inner corner of my left eye, is it cancer?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019m a 30 year old woman and i\u2019m 18 weeks pregnant (yet my doctor says i\u2019m not pregnant) and i\u2019ve been feeling fluttering/quickening movements at my pubic hair line and I was wondering is it normal? My doctor won\u2019t give me a referral to get an ultrasound but i know there is a baby inside of me and I just want to see my baby and make sure him/her is growing well. BTW I live in (\u2026) and i\u2019m 4\u201911\u201d and over 300lb", "title": "I am pregnant but my doctor says I am not?"}
{"text": "Im a 32yr old white male. Very active and fit. I take no medications and am in overall great health.  About a week ago I got a sensation in my left upper but that felt like someone stabbed me with a needle  . Lasted about 15 sec and went away.  It has happened randomly now for the last week.  Very isolated and intense pain. No more than. About 15 sec.  No other  pain what so ever.  Happens when standing sitting driving laying down.  Can\u2019t \u201d make\u201d it happen.  Sciatica", "title": "Stabbing feeling in upper buttock, is it Sciatica?"}
{"text": "I have been suffering from ecoli vaginitis for few months. I first noticed some greenish vaginal discharge after a course of augmentin (around 10days) for theUTI. After that, the doctor did a vaginal swab for me(the report said its high vaginal swab, but the doctor did not use the speculum), the report showed ecoli and candida. Candida was then treated, but ecoli remained after a course of flagyl and levofloxacin. The second report also showed it was resistant to flagyl, levofloxacin and another first line antibiotics eg augmentin and ampicillin.  Then I took a course of septrin, the last report showed it is also resistant to septrin but don\u2019t know why it is sensitive to augmentin again, no clue cell with trace gram +ve and -ve rods, 1+ wbc and epithelial cells. The doctor advised me just leave it alone because she predicted ecoli will get resistant again after another course of oral antibiotics. I don\u2019t have much symptoms except some on and off abd pain, vaginal discomfort and discharge. But I am so afraid and reluctant to have sex since I am worried having sex will make it worse and cause PID and also worried about the future pregnancy. I have an assumption that if ecoli infection is caused by the lowered number of lactobacilli, is it possible it will get cured by self if I stopped antibiotics and the normal flora reestablishes my self", "title": "I have ecoli vaginitis will it cure itself if I stopped antibiotics?"}
{"text": "I am a 63 yr old female.  I see a nurse practitioner and a pain management group for narcotic pain meds.  I recently changed pain mgmt groups.  My previous group prescribed  my pain meds and muscle relaxers plus anti anxiety meds. Of course with the recent changes thanks to the DEA no Soma. Nothing else works so I take no muscle relaxers.  Now I change pain management groups who do not write xanax at all.  I have gone through almost all of my meds. I have two 1/2 size pieces of 2mg tablets left.  Over the last 5 days I have tried to get myself weaned off of this medication. I\u2019ve been quite sick, I don\u2019t think it\u2019s working very well.  I\u2019ve had diarrhea, muscle cramps, anxiety.  Having my pain meds helps somewhat.  My question is;  What is going to happen when I take the last of them.  I plan to break my 2 pieces so I have\n4 left. What do I gave to expect when I\u2019m completely out", "title": "I am out  narcotic pain medication , what next?"}
{"text": "Tiny pea size lymph nodes in front of my ears, not behind them but in front of my ears, smaller than a pea size and on the left side above the tiny lymp node it\u2019s another one about penny sizeHave had one on my left side of my neck kidney bean shape but not sure if the small lympnodes by my ear have come from the kidney bean one because ive never felt my ears before ever so not sure if they came from it such as has spread over the many years (3 or more)Tiny pea size lymph node by mt neck pulse, very small but I can feel itThey seem fixed and tiny and hard so a little concerned. The one kidney bean shape moves when I touch itOne under my chin well a few all pea size and some kidney bean shapedHad neck ultrasounds, breast ultrasounds, hematologist opinions from two doctors and lot of blood work, even put my blood under microscope\u2019s too, some doctors said neutropenia and lymphdathy but aren\u2019t diagnosis just medical terms about my lymonodes.Blood work all normal except my white blood cell count is just little below range, 2010 in range then dramatically dropped in 2011 2.3 2011 same year 2.2 then 2013 was 3.3 2015 3.5 until now so not sure what\u2019s going onBut my monocytes everything hematologistsaid seemed healthy just my wbc might be low because of my ethnicity so not sure if that\u2019s all into considerationWant answers little concerne", "title": "I may have neutropenia or lymphdathy, need answers?"}
{"text": "Hi doctor, my 6 yr old son always has sleep in his eyes in the morning. Sometimes it is too sticky that he cannot open his eyes. He is a swimmer and swims twice a week. He also watches you tube in his phone most of the time. He sleeps 8pm and wakes up 530am for school. This doesnt come with fever and after bathing it goes away", "title": "My son has eye discharge, so sticky cannot open his eyes?"}
{"text": "24 Years old, Female Hello, I am always tired and weak and this is \u201cnormal\u201d for me. My fingers would become numb and tingle. About 3 to 4 months ago, I skipped my period and I noticed my belly was bloated. If I eat or drink something, my belly would like triple the size. A week ago, I had a sever UTI and I get this once a while. I did not take any antibiotics, took pain killers and drank lot of water and it went away yesterday. Four days ago, I noticed both of my sides, midway to my hip started to hurt really bad. It was like they were on fire and also my right Fallopian tube started to hurt too. It was like something was stuck in there and it\u2019s a throbbing pain. The pain on both of my sides become worse if I drink coffee. The pain is still going on today and I can hardly sit in one place. Please let me know what is goin on. I went to the doctor for this in the past and they said it was a UTI but this time, UTI is gone. I was supposed to already start my period this month but it still has not came", "title": "Fingers numb and tingle, belly bloated, UTI, Fallopian tube hurts?"}
{"text": "Hi.  I am a 28 year old female and was involved in a car accent 10 months ago where a drive ran into the back of me and have occurred whiplash injures from this accident..the injuries are still ongoing and have put in an injury claim.  10 months on, I am still experiencing slight tenderness in my right shoulder and collar bone.  3 weeks ago i notice the top of my right shoulder was swollen, it has calmed down now although as we speak I am still in slight pain at my collar bone, i m not sure if this is serious as i have went back to my gp who advised just to take ibuprofen and continue with shoulder exercises.should i be worrying about my collar bone as i googled this and could be broken?  but i have not had any type of xray at all for my injuries", "title": "I had accident, whiplash, pain in shoulder and collar bone?"}
{"text": "My DR said I was dehydrated, to drink. I\u2019ve been drinking fluids, I have a lot of kidney pain, 3+ blood in my urine, I\u2019m very restless and uncomfortable. I had a fever (99.6) but that\u2019s down now. I have a history of stones, and no signs of infection", "title": "DR said I was dehydrated no signs of infection."}
{"text": "27 Years Old, Male, No medical history. Main Issue:\n\u2013 Swelling type of visual on armpit\n\u2013 Starting to go red and irritated\n\u2013 Feels tender, almost like Puss built upCondition:\n\u2013 Last week I felt I was coming up with a cold\n\u2013 Friday 07 Oct 2016 I was returning home after a meeting and started to get cold shivers and bursts of hotness in my body causing sweating.\n\u2013 Also had terrible cough turned flemmy quickly\n\u2013 Suggesting a virus.\n\u2013 I\u2019ve taken medication (no antibiotics at this stage as this has started to improve 10 fold). I have come to notice a few days ago a lump on my armpit and as I have started to touch it more often it\u2019s started to grow and cause irritation. It feels tender and seems like I have some liquid built up inside. Not sure if it\u2019s an infection or anything. I have in the past shaved my armpits / trimmed but have never had this before. I would much appreciate your response and suggestions of treatment. P.S \u2013 the Image doesn\u2019t do my description any justice but you should be able to see the red saw area near the bottom and going round to the middle. That is the location of the slight bump. It has certainly gone bigger since yesterday night but that may be because I kept feeling it and may have caused irritation. Many thanks", "title": "I have a lump on my armpit, it is growing and irritating?"}
{"text": "Can viagra stop a period? I\u2019m 5days late and I took 25mg. I\u2019ve done pregnancy tests and are negativ", "title": "Can viagra stop a period?"}
{"text": "Chest pain, tightness, and a high heart rate?\nI have been to the doctors for this but all of the tests came back fine. I was told i have an arrythmia but that it is no big deal.This has been happening on&off for a year. My chest has sudden sharp pains & my chest feels tight, like it\u2019s difficult to breathe. My heart rate escalates, too. The last couple days, my resting rate was 90-120 bpm. I am not anxious or stressed. I\u2019m a 19 y/o female, otherwise healthy. Not sure if I should get it checked out again, since all of the tests came back fine. What could it be? Thanks", "title": "I\u2019m 19 and  have chest pain, tightness, and a high heart rate?"}
{"text": "I had a sore throat along with swollen lymph nodes in the week the end of march/beginning of april that lasted approximately a week.  I never went to the doctor partly because of a lack of fever and it seemed tolerable.  The end of April and extending into May I experienced some joint pain, never took any medication for it, as it was manageable.  It wasn\u2019t swollen, red or tender simply painful.  I also experienced heart fluttering for a few seconds one morning the beginning of May.  I for a few weeks in may had general achiness upon waking that generally disappeared shortly thereafter.  I also had neck stiffness/kink that lasted approximately a week and half.  I went to the doctor the beginning of June and had a routine physical exam with complete blood profile, urine profile and an ekg.  All results came back normal.  The middle of June I began having ringing in my ears.  I have experienced some pain in my wrists and elbows primarily on the bones/tendon points through july/august/september.  I also started to experience floaters in my vision the middle of september.  I went back in to the doctor at the end of september.  My physical resulted in a BP or 140/82.  They ran a complete blood and urine profile, all results were normal.  They also ran a rheumatoid profile \u2013 ana was negative, sedimentation rate of near 0, CRP of 2, ASO of 443.  I am very concerned about Rheumatic Fever and possible Rheumatic Heart Disease.  Should I be", "title": "I suffer fromswollen lymph nodes, joint pain, ringing in my ears is it  Rheumatic Heart Disease?"}
{"text": "I am 15yrs old and having period trouble. When I first got my period (when I was 12) I just used pads, and I had pain but it wasn\u2019t so bad. So one day comes along when I have to go swimming and I have my period,my mom gave me a tampon and told me to just stick it up there. I tried but I couldn\u2019t, I assumed I was doing something wrong and gave up. My periods just kept getting more painful as the months passed, they now are at a steady pain. I have come up with a way to numb the pain but the first day is the worst I am literally curled up in fetal position in terrible pain,I take pain relievers and 80% dark chocolate,spinach,bananas, and blueberries as they are supposed to help. And they do eventually, after the first day its just sharp sporadic cramping and heavy bleeding. AND the blood is the worst, if I take a shower and stand in a towel for like 5 minutes there is blood trickling down my legs, and its ridiculous.\n I am very active and eat healthily, I decided to try tampons out again because wearing a pad and running and dancing is the worst, but after watching several videos and trying several times the tampon would not go in, and my v looked different from the pictures, so I finally came across what is called a separate hymen, and after researching and looking down there I think I have it, but how can I be sure without going to a doctor? This is very personal to me and I don\u2019t feel comfortable discussing this with any family members\u2026yet. Do you think a separate hymen and period pain would go hand in hand? Is there any way to break the hymen yourself? (I am a virgin btw) Or do you have to have surgery? Also is it normal to still have cramps even after your period? Because I have cramps like 2 weeks before and after my period, they are not crippling or anything but it still hurts. No one else in my family has painful periods.. Please help", "title": "I am 15yrs old and having period trouble, cramps, separate hymen, Please help!"}
{"text": "I am a 26yrs old, female. I found a marble size lump in my left breast. I told my doctor and she checked. She also felt the lump. She sent me for an ultrasound and a mammogram. But when i went to the hospital, i got through the ultrasound and they said all i have is a large amount of dense breast tissue and they refused to do the mammogram on me. It\u2019s still in a lot of pain and I\u2019m seeking a second opinion. Can someone please explain to me what my next step should be and how to ease my breast pain i have on a regular basis", "title": "I have lump on breast, hospital refused to do the mammogram?"}
{"text": "I started Cerelle on 29th Sept (mid pack of Cileste).  Started bleeding on 3rd October and still bleeding now.  What can I do to stop this or how long will it continue", "title": "I am bleeding after taking Cerelle Contraceptive Pill?"}
{"text": "My age is 50  ,I am taking  Synthroid vitamin D methadone Nexium. I am female. I get these bumps that started on my hands and now one on my arm, one on my neck. They resemble a small spider bites at first but I don\u2019t think so. It is itchy and has like a water blister then turns into like a blood blister. And gets painful and itchy", "title": "I have itchy water blisters that turn into blood blisters?"}
{"text": "I am 24 male.my hands are trembling after masturbation.and i feel some nerve pain in my wrist as well in stomach areas.had this problem more than a year.once masturbated the trembling symptoms reduced after five days..some times night fall there is no pain..but masturbated feel trembled..how to fix this problem.", "title": "My hands tremble, feel nerve pain and stomach pain after masturbating?"}
{"text": "hi, i suffer from erythrophobia (the fear of blushing) which means that i have social anxiety. it results in me drinking faster to avoid a blushing episode and it is just a vicious circle. are there any things that i could do or medication i could take to help", "title": "I have erythrophobia (the fear of blushing), what can I do?"}
{"text": "25 year old female. Jumped over fence to save dogs, yoga pants got caught on the two metal pieces sticking up over top of fence. Hole in my leg and cut on hand. Idr last time I had tetanus shot, but thinking it was within past 5 years. Don\u2019t have insurance or primary care dr. Would have to go to ER. Should I", "title": "I jumped a fence, punctures in my leg and hand, do I need tetanus shot, ER?"}
{"text": "Hey I have been having strong stomach aches that even wake me up in my sleep. I get constipated,sweaty,and even feel like passing out.been on and off since 9 yo", "title": "I have strong stomach aches, get constipated,sweaty,and even feel like passing out?"}
{"text": "I am 22 years old , Male.\nFrom 4 years ago I had this issues near my shoulder it looks like it line that link neck to the bone I just don\u2019t know what to call it , However i have no pain in this area but i love bodybuilding and it just destroy how the body look.\nI remember how i got it , it was from a wrong movement when i start bodybuilding I used a heavy weight while I was doing DUMBBELL SIDE BEND i should move hips when doing DUMBBELL SIDE BEND but i was using my arm not hips , the next day i notice it in a mirror", "title": "Did I dislocate my shoulder while bodybuilding?"}
{"text": "Hello.\nMy name is (\u2026)and my problem is that I cannot walk more than 5 minutes. After 5 I feel difficult in walking and feel pain in my leg.I went to the doctor he said that you have herniated disk lwk4/5 problem.this is the doctor reports.\n(The presentation took place with the detection of high-grade spinal canal stenosis\nLWK 4/5 intervertebral disc disease.\nAnamnestically, the patient states, for several months under a pronounced\nClaudicatio spinalis \u2013 Symptomatik to suffer. He could not walk more than 4-5 minutes\nAnd then had to stop, because the pain lumbar with radiance in the\nDermatom L 5 left almost unbearable.\nIn this MRT of the LWS of 28.06.2016 is a large intervertebral disk incident LWK\n4/5 with narrowing of the spinal canal, as well as an additional spinal canal stenosis\nIn this area, which lead to a massive compression of the nerve fibers.\nWith the patient was detailed about the possible conservative and operational\nTherapy possibilities. We recommend a sequestrectomy, as well as a lumbar\nDecompression in this area.)\nThe doctor said that you have two option one is surgical operation and the second is physiotherapy. But the surgical operation is risky. Now I don\u2019t know what I do.and what is better for me.please give me usefull advise.\nThank", "title": "I have herniated disk, either I have surgical operation or physiotherapy, which is best?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had stomach problems and panic attacks since I was 10. I\u2019m almost 40 and have had acid reflux for about the last seven years and i.b.s symptoms for the last 3 or 4 years although the acid hadn\u2019t been as bad for a couple of months or so.\nI woke up in the early hours of Tuesday morning with painful stomach cramps (which can happen to me occasionally) and constipation. I also had flu symptoms from a few days earlier. I\u2019ve struggle to eat properly which I think has made my stomach worse.\nThe last few days my knees have become very sore and painful to bend and I can\u2019t walk normally. I also had an inflamed wound on my finger which I had to go to hospital with two days ago. The wound was dressed and I was given fluoxicillin. I had septicaemia in a wound on my thumb on the same hand about 8 weeks ago that tracked up my arm. About two weeks ago I had a swelling in my neck below the corner of my jaw that lasted a about 4 days. My family are shouting at me because I\u2019m groaning with pain. I feel distressed and my panic problem kicked in making me feel partially paralyzed especially in my chest, stomach neck and face.\nThat has subsided a bit but now my elbows have also become painful. I managed to have a peppermint oil capsule which I knew had helped me in the past and my appetite came back a small amount today so managed to eat something decent at last which has helped my stomach a bit. But my joints are very painful is there any way to get a bit of relief?\nThanks for your help", "title": "I\u2019ve had stomach problems and panic attacks since I was 10, need some relief?"}
{"text": "Female, 22. i constantly feel abdominal discomfort everyday whether its bloating, diarrhea, or pain in abdomen after bowel movement. the diarrhea is not the type that makes you going in and out of toilet for that several times, sometimes its just the consistency even though sometimes i need to go for 2-3 times a day. The pain after bm usually subside in 30-1hour. no appetite lost, i even eat more bcs im worried that if my stomach empty it will hurt more. No weight lost. Ive gone to the doctor, and he said that the physical exam is good, and it might be h pylori so i got tested but it came back negative. Im afraid that i have to do the endoscopy, and my parents don\u2019t really agree with me taking such an invasive test and think that this symptom is not something worth worrying. But im afraid with the long term effect of this condition. What should i do? Is it something serious", "title": "I have abdominal discomfort everyday, do I need endoscopy?"}
{"text": "My 15 year old is having stomach cramps She eats ok then later cramps but a feeling of emptiness in her stomach no constipation no temperature  hot water bottle on her tummy helps going on  for 4 weeks now started with feeling nauseous  and no appetite\u2026.hel", "title": "My 15 year old has stomach cramps, feeling nauseous  and no appetite?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 16 years old, (17 on Monday) and there were 3 spiders in my bedroom, so panicking, I grabbed raid and sprayed them until they were visibly dead. It was a large amount of raid, and I was too scared to wake my parent up to ask what I should do fix it. So I cracked my bedroom door open and went to sleep. I felt alright the next morning, extremely exhausted, and spent most of the day in my bedroom, still highly aware of the raid fumes in my bedroom. It is now hard for me to breathe, and I feel extremely exhausted. What should I do? (also I cant see a doctor", "title": "Sprayed and breathed in too much Raid, now feel exhausted and hard to breathe?"}
{"text": "I am a 78 year-old female.  Last month my mammogram indicated my breast lump was benign.  Last ni8ght I discovered similar lumps under my arm.  There is no pain. What might this indicate and what should I do", "title": "Mammogram indicates a benign breast lump, but now other lumps have appeared?"}
{"text": "age 55, female.  I am on Lisinopril .10 mg\u2026for three years.  My dermatologist recently prescribed .25 mg of spironolactone. Is this safe to take the BP med in the morning and actone at night?Additional Comments: My family has a history of heart and stroke issues and I have high blood pressures as well. I have been diagnosed by my dermatologist with telogen  effluvium for hair loss so dermatologist prescribed.25 mgs of actone. My pharmacist said you better talk to your doctor. What do u say", "title": "I am on Lisinopril .10 mg Dermatologist recently prescribed .25 mg of spironolactone. Is this safe?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had this pain in my chest, in the center to the right of my heart.I\u2019ve had it for roughly 3 weeks were it caused a pretty severe and sharp, it was getting worse the pain, started to go away, now returned about a week ago, and the pain is more extreme, sharp and severe than ever..It\u2019s roughly 3 inches from dead center of my chest to the right..It doesn\u2019t go much further than that..feeling around my chest, and I have been doing this for about a week, the pain subsided, not to subsiding completely, but the pain going from a 7-8 to 2-3, than it returned to a constant 8-9..Today I felt a bump exactly where the pain is..and pressing on it lightly Im pretty sure I found the source of the pain..Any person would have gone to the hospital, however I haven\u2019t because I had a back infection (Fungal), that was very rare, only 39 people had this infection before, long story short I was in the hospital for 2 years, so I\u2019m not eager to gour back, though this was back in 2003..Many sites I\u2019ve asked pretty much reply they can\u2019t give a diagnosis, obviously not, just asking an opinion to what I\u2019ve stated what it could be, there are other symptoms that started when the pain started..I don\u2019t want to write more because this is already pretty long", "title": "Pain in chest with palpable lump, no diagnosis can be made?"}
{"text": "I am a 18 year old female.\nI have had problems with my ankle before but never this bad.\nI play hockey and ever since I started (around 9years ago) I have had soreness in the bottom my feet and in the joint. Usually during matches I put a thin ankle support on and it wouldn\u2019t be too bad.\nBut around a month ago I went over my ankle causing tenderness, bruising and a good bit of swelling, although I could still weightbear on it so I thought it would heal by itself. But now the previous pain when playing has increased and it swells up every time. Any advice", "title": "Hockey player has ankle problems, tenderness, bruising and a good bit of swelling?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) im confused about my situation i was having pregnancy symptoms but than i came on my period but now things has gotten worse my back pains faint headaches nausea my legs are going weak now my abominal pains has become severe after i put a tampon on than i took it off my legs are numb and weak can you help me before i go to the er", "title": "I have abdominal pains, legs are numb and weak can you help me"}
{"text": "37 yr old female, birthed 6 kids, 2months ago a spot appeared on my areola, the outside is ringed in dark skin that is toughened and the middle is pink and soft and the skin is flaking", "title": "Spots appeared on my areola, now flaking?"}
{"text": "i am a 42 years old married women. i had two pregnancy with two c/s .in my frist pregnancy i had gestational diabetes mellitus but it doesnt last after my c/s . during my frist pergnancy i  got dark, brown patches of skin on my cheeck and in my second pregnancy it appeared bigger and darker than before .My dermatologist used a  some kind of  laser like lizomed . After the treatment, I noticed my freckles were dark.After the treatment, I noticed my freckles scabby or peeling and after that it got darker than before even i ve got some more dark freckle on my forehead . i have also  Psoriasis that got worse after my childbirth . recently i  have some new signs of disease like dark circles under the eyes body aches and fatigue  increased need to urinate frequently absent of my period for 3 months i did a complete check up every thing was ok but my 24 hrs urine free cortisol that is 30.3 , please let me know whats my problems and could it be a sign of addison disease what should i do for treatment  ?\nregard", "title": "I have dark circles under eyes, body aches and fatigue. could it be Addison disease?"}
{"text": "I got my first depo injection in December and ever since I\u2019m been bleeding constantly. It like 10 months now. I need help. Have been to my doctor he gave my some tablet to stop the bleeding but that doesn\u2019t work", "title": "I am bleeding constantly after Depo-Provera Birth Control Shot?"}
{"text": "I have headaches everyday also after being on my feet for a few hours i get tingling and pain in my feet and lower legs feel funny. Joint pain often and bowel problems. My doctor did a sleep study it had 2 electrodes on my head and a tube to my nose said it cam back normal. Did a cat scan without  contrast cam back normal. Blood test normal I am at a loss as to what to do", "title": "I have headaches everyday, tingling and pain in my feet, at a loss at what to do?"}
{"text": "i have been getting numbness and tingling on the left side of my body along with cold hands a feet, heart palpatations and fast pulse rate suddnly came on and never had this before the hospital have no idea what the cause is. ruled out anxiety attack/panic attack.i do suffer with frequant headaches/migraines and severe back ache i am female, 27 years old\nsmoker for 18 years\ni dont take substances\nfamily has history of heart problems\ni myself have a heart murmour/ and heart palpataion", "title": "I have numbness on left side of body, cold hands, feet, heart palpitations?"}
{"text": "My boy is six years old he had a puncture with a rust nail while playing in our compound I did not see it until a week later the wound has already dry but his finger can not bend easily,please I need your help I am afraid of tetanus", "title": "My six year old cut himself with rusty nail, now cannot bend easily \u2013 is it tetanus?"}
{"text": "Hey i am 16 years old,i have concerns about very strong smelling and dark, brown-orange urine and it has been for the past year. when it first started i had pains when urinating and i would constantly urinate but now i dont have pains i dont really urinate that constantly but still i have not seen a doctor i would like to know if there is something i can do at home to cure it. Thank", "title": "I have  brown-orange urine for a year, how can I cure it?"}
{"text": "Hi I asked a question a month ago about some auxillary swollen lymph nodes. I ended up getting a ct of my chest and it came back clear. I\u2019m a little worried now over the radiation. At the time, I thought the benefits outweighed the bad but after learning more, I feel like we should have just done a needle biopsy which my doctor didn\u2019t offer to do. I\u2019m 28/f 5\u20191 100 pounds. I\u2019ve never had any medical imaging tests until this year. In November I had a car accident and the ER doctor talked me into having a brain ct scan which I had asked him if it was a lot of radiation and he said no and was very persistent on getting it. I feel that it was unnecessary because I only had some bruises and my head was fine. I also had some x rays done. Then my chiropractor did his own set of x rays. This month for the swollen lymph nodes, I had another chest x ray done and the chest ct scan with and without contrast (so I have no idea how many pictures that is.) I really regret doing these cts especially since they are all in a short time frame\u2013 9 months apart\u2026 If I never have another x ray or ct again\u2026 will the damage I have done increase my cancer risk", "title": "I had a CAT Scan (CT) will radiation increase my cancer risk?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve just lost my toe nail!! It had been lifting for a while, I just went to cut them down and lost the whole thing! The skin is really yellow, what should I do? Can I send a picture", "title": "I\u2019ve just lost my toe nail \u2013 skin is really yellow"}
{"text": "My boyfriend has a heart condition called Pericarditis and the heart pains never last for long. He\u2019s been complaining for the past few days that the pain won\u2019t go away. Do you know what it might be", "title": "My BF has Pericarditis, heart pains never last, now pain won\u2019t go away?"}
{"text": "Male age 31 I woke last night needing the toilet badly and was stuck on the toilet for over 1 hour shaking and dripping with sweat feeling like my insides was going to come out. my right kidney, guts and testicle was really hurting as well, my family nearly phoned for an ambulance worried because I have a high threshold for pain and never been like that before. I was wondering if anyone had any idea what it could be", "title": "I was shaking and dripping with sweat feeling like my insides was going to come out?"}
{"text": "Hi i am a 17 year old male I have 2 circle that are the same color as scar tissue and smaller than a dime on my under thigh what might this be", "title": "I have 2 circles that are the same color as scar tissue on thigh, what is it?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having SEVERE vaginal itching for about 6 months now. All labs (cultures, bacterial) have come back negative, and I\u2019ve gotten them done more than once. It\u2019s located mostly right at the vaginal opening \u2013 a bit inside of it and surrounding it on the outside. It seems to be triggered by sex since it usually occurs a couple of days after (not the next day, the day after that) but it has also flared up without sex happening. There has been no change in my soap etc and same thing with my partner \u2013 no change. I hang dry all my underwear. My GYN prescribed Clobetasol with no real results. Discharge is not a weird color, odor is different that it was a year ago but not severely alarming or noticeably bad. I\u2019ve been experiencing increased vaginal dryness when it comes to intercourse, but always associated that to birth control. Could it be more? What could this possibly be? I\u2019m really suffering.\nMy Conditions: Ulcerative Colitis, High Risk HPV (diagnosed less than a year ago, no developments so far), PCOS, eczema (seasonal and only on the inside of elbows)\nMeds: Wellbutrin, Lialda, Birth control (sprintec), B12, Folate, Biotin, Forskolin, probiotic", "title": "Severe vaginal itching gynecologist prescribed Clobetasol with no real results?"}
{"text": "have a friend who has immunodeficiency, and is a vegetarian. A month ago she started eating and every time she does eat she throws it back up immediately which makes her not want to eat, but she can drink liquids fine. She\u2019s been to the doctor and they told her it\u2019s depression and that\u2019s not it at all. Can you guys figure what\u2019s happening and how to fix it? I\u2019m really worried because she\u2019s developed really bad fatigue and I fear there are going to be worse symptoms. Any advice would help, thank you", "title": "My friend has immunodeficiency, can\u2019t eat, doctors say depression, any advice?"}
{"text": "Hi, last week i had diarrhoea, it was a sudden bout and i put it down to a bug. The following day it stopped. I have had a slight feeling of sickness all week. Today i was fine, went for a walk and then realky suddenly out of the blue i had to literally run home to go to the toilet with diarrhoea again. I went and it felt like i was bruised or my insides were hanging out (quite difficult to describe). I needed to go again after this but when i looked in the toilet after thinking i had gone for a runny poo again, it was like pure mucus jelly with quite a lot of blood mixed in. For tge last few hours every time i go to toilet and try to pass wind its just this blood and mucus in the toilet from my bottom again. I have had symptoms of other illnesses lately which i am about to see the dr for and dont think they are in anyway related but thought id better include them incase (i have noticed a uterine prolapse, i have a slight show of blood after sex and sometines in my vaginal discharge, i have period like pains, i get a metallic taste in my month, suffer from headaches that radiate around my teeth, jaw and temples, i get neck pain right in the middle were my spinal column is, i get back pain in/around my coxic bone and pain/numbness down my leg and foot, i feel very bloated all of the time, fatigue, lots of saliva in my mouth) as i say i dont think tbey are all related but you never know. Please help", "title": "When I go to washroom, I discharge blood and mucus?"}
{"text": "I am almost 62, 5\u20196, 230lbs. I was at beach until three days ago and did get sunburned on various areas of my body. This morning I woke up with pain between my ankle and mid calf on the inside of my right leg. This area was very red with heat. By mid morning the pain, redness, and heat had increased. Along with swelling in one area and a raised rash that had spread to just below knee. No itching involved. Pain is localized to one area. I have taken Benadryl with no results yet", "title": "I am sunburned on various areas of my body, taken Benadryl with no results yet?"}
{"text": "I am 22 yrs old too i went to the eye doc for the pain in my right eye. They didn\u2019t know what to say\u2026they thought it was a form of Glacoma but ended up saying its a progressive myopia,they change my glasses and the pain left for while but recently it has come back and this time its affect the right side of my head including my ear and side of my neck and i get this migraine on my head whenever i stress myself or leave my comfort zone the pain has no exact time at times it comes at times it doesn\u2019t am really confuse", "title": "Eye doc say I have Glacoma, then progressive myopia, but it keeps getting worse?"}
{"text": "33 year old maleI have a history of minor stomach issues \u2013 gastritis and ulcers (about 10 years ago).  about 11 months ago, I started getting a pulsing and gnawing sensation in my upper right abdomen. Went through blood testing, Ultrasound, and Nuclear test and all was normal.  The feeling went away quickly after.  Now for the past 2 months or so, I have had a few bouts of mild to moderate stomach pain in my upper right abdomen again (a little different this time).  It is persistent and consistent for 2-4 days at a time \u2013 both times were after a period of poor eating (fatty foods) as well as alcohol consumption.  I do drink moderately 1-3 times a week.  Other symptoms include: greasy looking loose stool (although does not float), rumbling stomach, occasional sharp back pain which comes on quick and leaves quick, burps, and bad breath/taste in my mouth.  After day 1 or 2 of this, I typically switch to a bland diet of cereals, breads, etc and it goes away.  Any ideas", "title": "I started getting a pulsing and gnawing sensation in my upper right abdomen?"}
{"text": "I am female age 55.I had an abdominal ultrasound that said I had cirrhosis.months later I had a liver ultrasound that said I had fatty liver.for over a year I have had yellow diarrhea and floating stools.Is this cirrhosis", "title": "Do I have cirrhosis or a fatty liver?"}
{"text": "Do I have hyperparathyroidism?Thankyou I\u2019m a female 38 from Australia.Calcium 2.6\nVitimin d 36\nPth 11.", "title": "Do I have hyperparathyroidism?"}
{"text": "Hello i am a 26 year old male.My problem started in late May 2016 when i came down with a fever, cough and overall sickness.i went to the hospital and they said i likely have a virus.They sent me home to take tylenol together with ibuprofen for the symptoms.I felt alot better shortly after.Over the next two weeks in late May and early June i started coughing a\u2019lot with a a\u2019lot of thick brown mucus.The mucus became blood tinged and i went to the hospital where i was diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia.I was given two different antibiotics which i completed.Follow up xray after antibiotics showed clear lung and clear breathing.Second follow up xray a month later showed the same thing, clear lungs.Ever since the pneumonia i have had frequent excess mucus and sore throats.I Recently had alot of sputum and felt sick again and was given a zpack.Felt better after z pack but now October 2016 i have another sore throat with mucus.Ever since the pneumonia i haven\u2019t been healthy.What could it be, i feel like pneumonia keeps trying to form.There is no cystic fibrosis in my family and only 1 person my moms mother had chronic bronchitis.I have never had any issues with my lungs or getting sick.My TB test was negative and 2 HIV tests were negative.Hepatitis was negative also.Two blood tests in this span were completely normal.Please help", "title": "I have a problem with my lungs, diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia?"}
{"text": "I am wondering why one calf might grow bigger than the other? I was hit by a car when I was 7 and the left leg got cut by the license plate in my upper inside thigh. I thought maybe this could be why? I\u2019ve been to the dr and had an mri and seen a vein dr and they all saw nothing. But since 2012 it has been growing a little more every year without exercise. Any help would be greatly appreciated. I am 2", "title": "I was hiy by a car when I was 7, why is one calf growing bigger than the other?"}
{"text": "I am a 15 year old female and I\u2019m not sure if what I have is athlete\u2019s foot on the hands and feet or eczema.It first started about 2-3 weeks ago.\nCurrently, I have tiny itchy blisters(with a clear inside)everywhere on my hands except the back of the hands(not including the fingers),and the first joints of the front of each finger and thumb(where you usually grab things with).The most concentrated blisters are located on my palm, the sides of my fingers and the back of the fingers, mostly on the back of the upper two joints of the fingers, stopping just before the nail.These areas aren\u2019t red. Once I scratched a part, and it became red.\nI also currently a similar condition on my feet.The right feet has faint blisters, on the left side of it.The blisters, however, are not clear like the blisters on my hand. My left foot has had athletes foot between the 2nd and 3rd, 3rd and 4th, and 4th and 5th toes, which has been cured by antifungal cream. My left foot, currently, has light peeling skin on the light red rash(wih small blisters like my right foot) on the sole of the foot. It has not been itchy, unlike my hands. There has also been a slight peeling of skin just below the toesI have used different types of antifungal cream (such as bifonazole, clobetasol propionate ointmnet, and currently micronazoli nitras), however, with no results on my hands.\nI am allergic to crab and prawn, and may have something called heat hives", "title": "I have athlete\u2019s foot on the hands and feet or eczema?"}
{"text": "I dislocated my shoulder nearly a year ago. Just before it popped out and in by itself. Is that normal that it can happen and anything i can do? It\u2019s not painful just sore and i can move my arm normally again", "title": "My shoulder pops out and in by itself?"}
{"text": "Aching head varies in severity occurring daily since early September after initial onset I experienced severe nausea worse in the morning and occurring throughout the day for approximately a week. The nausea had abated however I experience it intermittently. I\u2019ve also noticed short term memory issues. For weeks prior to the onset if head ache I was experiencing daily crying spells.  I did have a MRI without contrast and eeg in July prior to i onset of these symptoms both of which came back negative other than sinus congestion. I need to know what to do", "title": "Short term memory issues, aching head, daily crying spells?"}
{"text": "I have seen a worm about 3 inches crawling under the skin in my face. It leaves white bumps on my face that if touched; disperses dozens of tiny worms that move very quickly through my face and burrow into my skin. Help!\nAttached is one photo of it crawling into my ear just below the ear lobe. The white stuff in my ear is noxzema.\nAgain, help", "title": "A worm is crawling under my skin into my earlobe?"}
{"text": "I am a 24 year old male who had a wellness profile blood test done at work.  I have an LDH at 353 and a low glucose reading of 62.  My gamma gt is less than 3.  What does all of this mean? Should I see a doctor", "title": "What do my blood test results mean?"}
{"text": "Sir my name is \u2026) and my age is 24.Sir i have a problem in my urine bladder.My urine bladder is so weak. I observed it in such that when i go to washroom, after it i feel that my urine drops will be dropped if any force is applied to the urine place( such as to the time of sitting or any other position which apply force). and often it happens BUT if i don\u2019t sit in any place after washroom and don\u2019t apply force during 5mins it is alright and no drops of urine is dropped.\nDuration of this disease about 2 years.I did not get any consultancy to any doctor.\nsir I m worried about it.. please suggest me medicine for solution of this disease.I will be very thankful to you.", "title": "I have bladder problems, difficulty urinating"}
{"text": "Im a 33 yr old female was diagnosed w hep c in 2004 . No treatments my stomach keeps swelling up im a size three when normal but swollen a size 6 at what stage do you think I am and what life expectancy do you think I hav", "title": "How long do I have left to live?"}
{"text": "My mother is 52 and lives in Western Sydney, NSW Australia. She is a type 2 diabetic and takes pills to lower her blood sugar, no other meds. She is also an alcoholic and spent most of last night at home, black-out drunk. Today she woke up with these marks on her right breast \u2014 they look like cuts but they don\u2019t hurt and she has no blood on her bra or clothes. She likes to garden and I\u2019m afraid it might be a spider or snake bite, but it has been 24 hours since they likely appeared and she feels fine. Any clue what they could be", "title": "My mother is type II diabetic, woke up with marks under her right breast?"}
{"text": "Mid twenties. Never had morning erection and genitals look like that of a child. Urologist ordered some blood work: t levels are normal(total: 579ng/dl free: 1ng/dl), dht levels are low normal (total: 18ng/dl free: 1.70pg/ml). LH(3.8 mIU/ml) and FSH(6.1 mIU/ml) also normal. Took clomid for 3 months to increase t(total: 1047ng/dl free: 35.8pg/ml) and dht(total: 75ng/dl free:15.20pg/ml)\u2026yet still no morning erection. I can get an erection consciously though. What could we be missing", "title": "I am in the mid twenties, never had morning erection, genitals look like that of a child?"}
{"text": "I have been feeling ill for 10 days.  Starting with an ocular migraine and extreme pain in the occipital area. Followed by classic symptoms of a cold (fatigue, chills, body aches, dizziness). Symptoms appeared better and worse as the days went on. I started to have trouble breathing and felt intoxicated most of the time. 1 week later i became extremely nauseous ,dizzy,very cold and vomiting. Also two days later experienced pressure in ears and occasional headaches as well as pain in the occipital area again and mild right chest pain as well as extreme fatigue, sleeping 11 hours and not feeling rested. No cough, stuffy nose or discoloured mucous. Female in late 20s", "title": "I have ocular migraine and pain, trouble breathing and feel intoxicated, dizzy and cold?"}
{"text": "I am a 20 year old female. I have been with the same partner for almost 4 years now. We both are our first & only sexual partners. I\u2019m usually really aware of my health. And sometime last month, I discovered red cobblestone bumps on my pharynx. I noticed it 2 days after I performed oral on my partner, but we usually do it all the time. My period is also 2 days late but we only performed oral sex & no intercourse. They do not hurt at all. I also had some burning in my gum and tongue but that went away in a week. At first when I breathed, my pharynx felt irritating, but I had no trouble swallowing food. I got really worried so I was referred to an ENT doctor, he said it was just reflux laryngitis since he examined it with an endoscopy. So he prescribed me amoxicillin for 7 days which helped a little but the bumps never went away. Sometimes, I would experience bad chills with no fever at all especially when I sleep. They would come back one day & another day, I would feel normal. I also noticed one white small tonsil stone above one of my tonsils. Could this be oral gonorrhea or any type of STD", "title": "Could this be oral gonorrhea or any type of STD?"}
{"text": "Do I have a yeast infection?Inside my vagina has been itchy for the past couple of days. I googled my symptoms and it came up as a yeast infection. But I\u2019m not sure if it is because i don\u2019t have the thick milky discharge they say should come with it. I\u2019m not sexually active so it can be an sti. I\u2019m not sure what it could be if it\u2019s not a yeast infectio", "title": "Do I have a yeast infection?"}
{"text": "My boyfriend says whenever he pees it\u2019s painful and pus comes out. He also has headache and fever, there is also a bump on his head causing the side of his face to hurt, whats wrong with him", "title": "My boyfriend has bump on head, headaches , fever and urination problems with pus?"}
{"text": "I caught a cold from my toddler as both colds and hand foot and mouth are circulating at her school. I was sneezing, fever, runny nose, raw throat and a sore on my lip.  Towards the end of my cold I got a flu shot given at the hospital I work at. THat evening when I went to bed I noted the backs of my knees were sore. When I woke up the next day and for 4 days now since I have had a sunburn like in appearance and burning feel rash behind my knees and to a milder extent the bends of my arms. I have never had any symptoms other than maybe generalized malaise after flu vaccination. Last year I got the flu shot while being treated for bronchitis and was fine. Could this be dermatitis from a reaction to the flu vaccine? How long do these rashes take to resolve", "title": "I have a reaction from the flu shot I received?"}
{"text": "Hello, my sister used to snort crystal meth and won\u2019t go to the doctor because she\u2019s scared of getting in trouble for it\u2026but I told her that she\u2019d be fine since she has quit snorting meth\u2026anyways, she\u2019s always having to clear her throat of mucus and her voice keeps getting hoarse until she clears her throat. She\u2019s been getting tonsil stones and has the constantly feeling of something stuck in her throat and has pressure under her tongue\u2026does she need her tonsils removed? What is going on", "title": "My sister snorted meth, voice now hoarse, mucus in throat, is it tonsils?"}
{"text": "I went to the doctor about 3/4 months ago, complaining about a pain that sort of shoots up my bum whenever I sit down, and constipation that would come in waves, and pain around my lower back. he prescribed me with laxido sachets, twice a day. I went back a month later, and I was going to the toilet more regularly but the pain was still there. He told me too carrying on taking the sachets. When i returned for the 3rd time, he said I was still all built up and too take the sachets, still twice a day, and also a tablet (unsure of the name) which after reading the paper insert in the box, is often prescribed for stomach ulcers. I am going to the toilet a lot, and my stools are soft, but I still have the pain when I sit, and sometimes at other occasions. This is really starting to concern me now! I have realized that it is worse the closer I am too my period, and my periods seem a little heavier than before all these problems started, and trying to pass stools when I\u2019m on my period is agony! This is usually always accompanied with bloating and a swollen tummy, and having sex is always uncomfortable/painful! is it possible that Endometriosis is a possible diagnosis", "title": "Pain shoots up my back with constipation, is it Endometriosis?"}
{"text": "I am a 15 year old female, and I have been getting 6 headaches a day for going on 8 months. I have been to a neurologist who did a MRI and blood tests. The blood test was ANA positive but my DNA strand was fine. I then had a lumbar puncture and my protein was slightly high but my red blood cells were very high. I then went to a rheumatologist who said that it can\u2019t be autoimmune. I went to an ENT who said it might be contact headaches and gave me a nose spray which didn\u2019t work. The headaches are now increasing to about 7-8 a day and the intensity has stayed the same (lowest 5 and highest 9). I try to avoid taking pain killers. I usually try to either ignore it or sleep it off. The headaches are above my eyes so I had a eye test which was fine. I have tried exercising more, avoiding gluten, changing my sleep pattern etc. The only medication that worked to reduce the headaches was a epileptic tablet prescribed by the neurologist, this reduced it right down to 1 a day but I was taken off because one of the side effects was suicidal thoughts and my mom was scared that would happen to me. I am also not feeling any pain until long after I have been hurt. I have dizziness that has inched lasted from 6 AM to after 8PM. Please help because I can\u2019t have more headaches", "title": "15 year old always gets headaches, no one and nothing helps?"}
{"text": "Hi I get very paranoid about adult onset allergies and having an anaphylaxis and dieing very paranoid and worried about this it\u2019s making me ill please help me put my mind at eas", "title": "I get very paranoid about allergies and death, please help?"}
{"text": "Jaw, ear and parotid pain for over 6 weeks. This is an image from my tmj mri. What is this mass", "title": "I have jaw, ear and parotid pain for over 6 weeks.  What is this mass on mri?"}
{"text": "lots of Phlegm after laying down\nget out of puff by just sitting down\nif walking stair (I do that every day) get acid feeling in my legs\nno coughing\nhad chest infection 2 yrs ago with 2 lots of antibiotic", "title": "I get out of puff by just sitting down, had chest infection 2 yrs ago?"}
{"text": "I had my wisdom teeth removed 4 days ago because of an abscess and i was prescribed 10 days of amoxcillion which i started taking before the procedure of getting my teeth removed im still in considerable pain with one day of antibotics left and my lymph nodes seem to be swelling and hurting im 30 week pregnant so i have only been taking tylenol please hel", "title": "30 weeks pregnant, wisdom teeth removed, need pain relief?"}
{"text": "I ask about my 8 years kid he Suffering from  amoeba (by  Simple ratio)\ndoctor give him Flagyl he Improved for several months then he is again suffering  Malodorous gases colic while i am very Careful Sterilization and hygiene is there Better treatment? Note while other doctor give him Tablets furazol he suffering sensitivity in eye and skin\nthank", "title": "My 8 year old is suffering from Amoebiasis, looking for better treatment?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 20 year old female got married a month ago\nI had this palpitation and left hand hurt problem from a long time now\nToday early morning I couldn\u2019t breathe properly had chest and left hand pain with headache\nAfter a while I was feeling like throwing up but I didn\u2019t I was sweating\nEven now when I had breakfast at 11 o clock again I had a little pain in the chest around my heart and I have very bad headache and fatigu", "title": "I have pain in the chest, palpitations and my left hand hurts?"}
{"text": "Good day, I have seen my GP twice within the last two weeks. Presenting with:\neczema aggravated\nmajor pain in limbs\nbloating\nperiods where my breasts are hurting like stitches are about to pop.\nnow i have sever pain in my thighs all around like i was beat u, and major pain across the lumber region.\nheadaches like migraines\nnausea\ndiarrhea\nalways tiredmedication used:\ninjection for allergies 2ml\nnow and again acuyzert\nvaloid\nprodium\nibuprofen\ntreplin\nbrazepan\ndovate ointmentgetting tired of going to Dr and still no answers", "title": "Getting tired of going to Dr and still no answers?"}
{"text": "Hi im a 28 year old female with pcos.trying for baby miscarried twice. new blood test had some abnormalities.\n50gm glucose test \u2013 7.8\nWbc 12.5\nPlatelets 401\nNeutrophillis 8.1\nAlao found occasional myelocytes\nfamily background involves cancer/diabetes/heart disease\n3weeks after period progesterone came with 2.1 count\nNow my question to you is what are my next steps??what can my doctor do now to determine my well being\nI appreciate you taking the time to ans me.\nThank", "title": "After 2 miscarriages, trying again, I have some issues and abnormalities?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 33+4 weeks pregnant, have had multiple kidney and urine infections throughout, I have two duplex kidneys so I get frequent infections, I\u2019ve been self catheterising three times a day for the past 6 weeks since my last infection and have also been on low dose cefalexin every day since as a prophylaxis to try prevent another one. I have recently been in hospital for regular blood pressure checks and baby monitoring also because I have just started with pre-eclampsia symptoms and am going in twice a week for monitoring. I have been in allot of pain with my back in my flank and all across my lower abdomen for months and use dighydrocodine occasionally To try help with the pain, but the flank pains worsened over past three days and I took a dilstick test at home and this showed keystones, glucose, protein, blood and leukocytes in my urine. I have a hospital appointment in two days , can I leave it till then to get checked as my mobility right now is limited and it\u2019s painful remove about or should I get in tomorrow to the emergency doctors", "title": "I\u2019m 33+4 weeks pregnant, have had multiple kidney and urine infections, in pain?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a nineteen year old female and recently I\u2019ve started suffering burning muscle pain and achy joint pain. It started a month ago in my right knee and is now all over. Along with that I\u2019ve been fatigued, experienced brain fog, prickly sensations on my skin, muscle weakness, stomach pain and strange tingling/cold sensations in my chest. To provide more information I\u2019m 5\u20198 and 96 pounds.\n   Please help me figure out what this is. I currently don\u2019t have a primary care giver, but I\u2019ve been to the ER a couple times. They haven\u2019t been able to find anything. They checked my SED rate and it was within normal range. And because I\u2019ve been bitten by ticks recently they did a Lyme disease and other tick related disease test, but it came back negative.\n   Thanks in advance for the help", "title": "I\u2019ve started suffering burning muscle pain and achy joint pain, I\u2019ve been fatigued, experienced brain fog?"}
{"text": "Hello, i broke my forearm during a fight and luckily my bones didn\u2019t move or anything it was a simple fracture..they call it nightstick fracture so ive been wearing long arm cast for 34 days and my doctor is out of town for 2 weeks and i also have the saw they use to remove it..should i just go ahead and let someone do it? Is 34 days enough..im 19 y/o mal", "title": "Broke my forearm during a fight, should I remove my long arm cast?"}
{"text": "Hi I am 44 yrs of age and haven\u2019t had a period in over 2.5 yrs, I had all bloods done and have been told I menopausal FSH was 83. Is it still possible for me to get pregnant i.e. do I need to stay on the Pill??", "title": "I haven\u2019t had a period in over 2.5 yrs, do I need to stay on the Pill?"}
{"text": "How long after stopping prednisone can you suffer withdrawal I stopped taking them 5 days ago after taking 15mg for 3 months I didn\u2019t come off them slowly which I know is what your meant to but I\u2019ve been fine so does that mean my adernal gland has kicked back on please don\u2019t tell me to start taking them again I cannot take the side affects any longer if I\u2019ve been fine for 5 days I imagine my adernal gland must been working which means I won\u2019t suffer adrenaline crisi", "title": "Stopped Prednisone, will I suffer withdrawal, will I suffer adrenaline crisis?"}
{"text": "Hi, 3 weeks and 3 days ago I broke my Tibia bone in side of ankle. Doctor in hospital let me to go with bandage only and I had to come for X-Ray every week. Next week another doctor said I must put cast as it it is very serious injury and I need to make sure my leg is not moving and if I put weight on it bone might move again. I said let see next week how it goes. Next x-Ray was ok and we decided to see how it will be next week. So we did another X-Ray and doctor which see me at the beginning said that I can start doing exercise and walk with crutches. I am just scare a bit , because all doctors said different things. What do you think about start putting light weight and walk with crutches and do some exercises after 3 and half weeks of injury", "title": "I broke my Tibia bone doctors are saying different things?"}
{"text": "Hi, I have not been well for some time now. I have several symptoms and I\u2019m not sure if they are related, or there is more than one thing going on. My previous GP was AWFUL. I feel that no one can give me an answer as to what is going on. I will list my symptoms: Severe lower back muscle pain, hips, and legs: I suffered from pelvic arthropathy when I was pregnant with my son (born March 2013), the severe pain in my pelvis is gone but I still cannot get through the day without taking painkillers for my back, my hips click when I move and the pain radiates into my legs and feet. It feels like all the muscles from my lower back, legs and feet are constantly cramping. I am so sore everyday. I have had an x-ray, which showed nothing.Chronic diarrhoea: I have suffered this for approx 3years. Since this began I have to take a full box of anti-diarrhoea tablets everyday, this does not stop me going, it just makes my Poos soft and not watery. If I do not take the tablets, I cannot control my bowels. I have had a colonoscopy, biopsy and small intestine dye test, these were all normal. My inflammatory markers in my bloods have been raised for 4+ years.My sleep pattern is from one extreme to the other, I either suffer from insomnia for weeks on end or I can\u2019t stay awake and very fatigued for weeks on end. I believe I suffer from a condition call Hidradenitis Supparitiva. I have had a significant weight gain when I was pregnant (2012-2013) and there after(I went from being 8st to 15st. I have managed to get my weight down to 13st 3lb however I can\u2019t seem to shift anymore. I am 5\u20192. I do not have a big appetite and can only eat small amounts. What I eat does not justify my weight.My bloods all appear to be normal, apart from my inflammatory markers. I feel that noone wants to find out what is wrong and drs are making me feel like it\u2019s all in my head, it\u2019s not. I just want to know what is wrong. I would really appreciate any help or advise you could give me. I am female and 27years ild. Thankyou", "title": "I have not been well for some time now, no one can give me an answer?"}
{"text": "My 6 year old son started getting this rash around his left eye. We took him to his pediatrician and advised us to use elidel cream. After 2 weeks, it was not showing any signs of going away. Last week my wife took him back in. This time she wanted us to try an antifungal cream. We started using that. My wife just sent me a pic and it has grown rapidly! Any suggestions on what this could be", "title": "My 6 year old son started getting this rash around his left eye, it is growing rapidly?"}
{"text": "I am only 21 years old and I have been experiencing sharp pain in the mid point of my back, right next to my spine, for the past few weeks. Usually it doesn\u2019t hurt but when I move at certain angles I have sharp pain in just that small area of my back alone, it isn\u2019t constant though. What could be causing this pain", "title": "I have been experiencing sharp pain in the mid point of my back, right next to my spine?"}
{"text": "Is this mole cancerous", "title": "Is this mole cancerous?"}
{"text": "Dr, sir\nIam again in your court\nBut all time not well\n1) my r/sholder+arm painfull 24/H\n2) pin press pain near by heart area\n3)  loss of vitality  ETC\nI am 57years old\nI request to you plz see my test reports & diagnose m", "title": "I have heart problems, please diagnose me?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 19 year old male , take no medication. Could I still have multiple sclerosis if I tested negative?  So about a year ago I was having vision problems in my right eye and decided to see an eye doctor.  When he took a look at my eye he saw swelling of the optic nerve and sent me to a neurologist. After getting a bunch of tests done they diagnosed me with optic neuritis and had no idea what caused it. Optic neuritis is sometimes an early stage of ms so they sent me to the ER to have an MRI and a blood test (not sure what for exactly it was along time ago) both tests came back negative. So it\u2019s been almost a year and a couple months ago I\u2019ve been having a lot of pain in my legs and a lot of muscle spasms way more than usual. I\u2019ve also been feeling very depressed lately don\u2019t exactly know why , but I\u2019m usually a very happy guy. My leg pain occurs mostly when I\u2019m laying or sitting down and it ranges from my upper/behind my knee to about mid-calf level and severity on a scale of 1-10 is about an 8. I\u2019ve also been feeling very weak and extremely tired most of my days,  and at times my left leg sometimes \u201cgives out\u201d but not entirely. I do experience some numbness /tingling but haven\u2019t worried much about it just cause I thought my leg/hand falls asleep. I haven\u2019t bothered to see a doctor about it because I feel I\u2019m just going to waste money and it\u2019s not going to be anything. I\u2019m 19 years old and am worrying that the tests I had didn\u2019t catch anything and wasn\u2019t sure if I could still possibly have ms. Would appreciate some insight", "title": "Do I have multiple sclerosis, I\u2019ve been having a lot of pain in my legs and a lot of muscle spasms?"}
{"text": "Female     Age: 19.\nPreexisting conditions: type one diabetes, asthma, Oral allergy syndrome.Medications: Allegra 1 SID, Benadryl 5mls TID, albuterol as needed, humalog/insulin as needed (basal rate 1.45 units/hour) When I was younger I was allergic to just about everything. Now I suffer from Pollen allergy syndrome and I have fairly bad seasonal allergies. Fast forward to today.. three months ago I got my first tattoo! It\u2019s beautiful and healed wonderfully. I got him the night of and noticed 7 hives on my legs.( never had any hives on the tattoo itself) Immediately I thought I was having an allergic reaction to the ink so I gave myself 5mg of Benadryl liquid and a 24-hour Allegra. I contacted my artist and he gave me the list of ingredients in my ink which was just carbon pigment, water and witch hazel. Well I made an appointment with my allergist and he said that the tattoo looked great and that I wasn\u2019t allergic to the tattoo itself but the process. He said that I would most likely get this reaction if I got another tattoo, piercing, or even child birth. He explained that my immune system just needed time to reset itself. See, I had a mysterious bout of hives when I was 13 and we couldn\u2019t figure out why but it was around the time I got my ears pierced so it made sense! They eventually went away. Well, it\u2019s been three months and I\u2019m still battling with hives! If I try to get off of my Allegra, it\u2019s no more than a week before I get a few hives here and there. They freak me out, as I have particular anxiety about allergic reactions and would like to know how long it will take for these hives and itchiness to subside! Is it normal for me to have these hives for three months? I need some reassurance", "title": "I think I\u2019m having an allergic reaction to my tattoos and piercings?"}
{"text": "I am a 16 year old female. When I was 9 years old I had a spontaneous allergic reaction and passed out into a wall resulting in a concussion. Ever since that moment I have had daily headaches and horrible neck pain. In the past 8-9 months the pain has gotten substantially worse and has know migrated to all points of my back especially the dimples of my back and tail bone. I\u2019ve been getting dizzy a lot easier than usual in these times. Also, it is not a surprise for my limbs and lower back to go numb multiple times a day. I play varsity softball and am quite nervous to get back on the field not knowing if this is something I should be concerned about considering I have not a clue of whats going on", "title": "I have daily headaches and horrible neck pain, pain has gotten substantially worse"}
{"text": "I had an MRI 18 months ago that showed \u201crelatively advanced intracranial atrophy for the patient\u2019s given age\u201d (I was 64 yrs old). Is it too soon to have another MRI to see if and how much the atrophy has progressed", "title": "I had MRI, showed advanced intracranial atrophy,is it too soon to have another MRI?"}
{"text": "My 63 year old mother was admitted to hospital on Saturday. She has copd and a chest infection. She was complaining of back pain. And pain down her legs. She was talking and responsive on Saturday. On Sunday she was not very responsive, couldnt talk and could only smile at me. Today she is totally unresponsive and her hands and feet have gone blue and are ice cold. The doctor tells me she\u2019s fine, but I don\u2019t think she is. Is she dieing? Please could I have an opinion on thi", "title": "My mother has copd and chest infection, is she dying?"}
{"text": "i have a pain in my lower left side of abdominal now i am feeling discomfort from 3 days i have also a share picture where i am feeling pain", "title": "I have pain in left abdominal for 3 days now, please diagnose?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 25 years aged male and my hands shaking or some kind of instability feels like shivering hands when I do something with more concentration. That\u2019s before 3 year before and now it\u2019s almost always slightly shivering my hands , and I can\u2019t write slowly and perfectly and it\u2019s very very difficult to manage the situation when someone is around or watching. And in past 1 year I can\u2019t even speak in public because I felt my voice shivering and I\u2019m getting more stage fright day by day\u2026 I don\u2019t know how to overcome this, please help me else my social life is going to end here", "title": "My hands are shaking, can\u2019t write, voice shivering, please help me?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 21, with no history of allergies or skin conditions. About six months ago, I had gotten the first rash I\u2019ve ever had. As I irritated it with scratching it eventually covered my whole stomach, and was scale-y feeling. After some time it went away.Currently, I\u2019m having the same problem. This time it\u2019s my collar bone/neck. A few days ago it itched, and now it\u2019s getting larger and has the same scale y texture. I wear the same necklace everyday, and it shouldn\u2019t be contact dermatitis from that. The rash is only in one small area and I have no metal allergies and I\u2019ve worn this jewelry for quite some time. What is it, and how can i prevent this issue? It only itches occaisonally, and it\u2019s not painful or inflamed. Theres no \u201cgunk\u201d crust, or gross discharge of any kind", "title": "I had rash, covered my whole stomach, now it is on my neck?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 36 it\u2019s been 8 weeks since my last period but I have contractions  pains and I lost a large blood clot could I have had a miscarriag", "title": "I have contractions pain and I lost a large blood clot, could I have had a miscarriage?"}
{"text": "hi I\u2019m 22 male few days back I have went to medical in chest xray report I have spot  in lung Fibrotic lesion in left upper zone so how can I cure it and any diet or medicals so that I have to go for medical for my job Thankyo", "title": "A spot was found in my left upper chest x ray?"}
{"text": "I fell at work several weeks ago and hurt my left knee. Had an X-ray and no broken bones supposedly. Had an MRI and no tears supposedly. I keep telling the ortho surgeon that I feel something moving in my knee especially when I kneel down. Sometimes a sharp pain with it. He prescribes me meloxicam saying the inflamed muscles rubbing together cause that sensation, but I disagree. It really feels like something moving. Not sure what to d", "title": "I fell at work, hurt my knee, doctor and I disagree on problem?"}
{"text": "My 80 year old father in laws has this symptoms. A swollen knee, bad ear pain, slurred speech, stumbling when walking, memory loss, talking to himself, temporally not knowing who a person is, hearing things, and not listening to what someone is saying,. What I do know is he a diabetic and has had heart problems in the past, but I don\u2019t believe whats gonna on now has anything to do with either of that. Can you please at least give an opinion on what you think it maybe. Thank yo", "title": "My 80 year old father A swollen knee, bad ear pain, slurred speech, stumbling when walking, memory loss, talking to himself, temporally not knowing who a person is, hearing things?"}
{"text": "I have anxiety and panic disorder and have had it for about 12 years.. my latest fear is that I\u2019m having seizures. My whole life I sometimes stare and I\u2019ve always laughed it off and said my eyes are frozen. Lately though I\u2019ve been putting myself into a panic when this happens. Do you think I\u2019m having seizures", "title": "I sometimes stare and my eyes freeze \u2013 Do you think I\u2019m having seizures?"}
{"text": "woman 23 years old overweight (pcos and chronic hives)\nat 25/9 I found a small painful red lump on my right breast (the place between the breast and the armpit).I found that by the pain I felt .immediately I palpated the lump (the place it was ,was a bit red it was painful ,hard,was not moving under pressure).after 2 days the redness and the pain went away.todayit disapeared andI cant even feel it.yesterday I discovered two others on the right armpit (felt like swollen lymph nodes) and 2 others on the other arm the left one! (they appear ,then ,go away and appear somewhere else quickly even on a single night)additionally I got fever 37.1_37,7\u00b0c pain in the joints tiredness but no sneezing no coughing (didn\u2019t remind me of the usual flu I get sometimes).went to hospital ,doctor palpated the place she said it did not seem to be a boil/furuncle and I had a blood test in which white blood cells were 12.700 and crp was 1.3.she said she couldn\u2019t find the cause but obviously its a lymph nodes proble", "title": "I found a small painful red lump on my right breast, then found 2 more?"}
{"text": "Male, 29, I sometimes have awaken in the middle of the night and urinated in a different area as I was dissertated..Initially I thought maybe this had something to do with alcohol but that didn\u2019t seem to be it. I continue to consume on occasion and no further episodes. I have never been a sound sleeper and usually have disruptive sleep patterns..I have since been using melatonin supplements before bed more regularly and no episodes. Is it ok to use the melatonin to allow me to have a more restful sleep? I do not want to take prescription drugs if I can prevent it. Thank you", "title": "I take melatonin supplements, become disoriented, urinate everywhere, how to prevent this?"}
{"text": "I read from the novel of Camus called \u201cThe Plague\u201d that before spreading epidemic of plague it is seemed everywhere mice. Nowadays in my village (Sharafa, Masally, Azerbaijan (it is a post-soviet country on the cost of Caspian sea)) everybody gripes about mice in houses. I didn\u2019t heard that anyone has felt ill yet. What can we do in advance", "title": "There are mice everywhere in my village, read it is a sign of coming disease or plague?"}
{"text": "Hi i woke up today with a stabbing pain on my right ear\u2026 so i thought a spider crawled inside.. My hearing was perfectly fine at this point.. So i took a shower and tried putting some water in my ear hoping the spider would crawl out.. (There\u2019s no spider) and after that shower\u2026. My right ear\u2026 Hears in a lower pitch\u2026 When i play the guitar it\u2019s out of tune. .when i speak i sound like a robot and hear a lower pitched voice.. Please help me im\nfreaking out", "title": "Have a stabbing pain in my right ear\u2026  thought a spider crawled inside?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 38 year old female was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis about 3 months ago my doctor put me on prednisol 15mg a day whilst I was waiting for consultant appointment at the hospital 5 days ago i stopped taking the prednisol so far other than aches in my muscles I\u2019ve been OK and not had any withdrawal symptoms does this mean I will be OK or can it take longer than 5 days for some symptoms to come ou", "title": "I have rheumatoid arthritis, stopped taking meds, will I be OK?"}
{"text": "I need a second opinion asap! This mass is deep in my parotid gland on facial nerve. Causes excruciating pain of jaw, teeth and ear. There is also clear fluid leaking from ear. Is it a cyst, tumor, malignant or benign", "title": "I have a mass in my parotid gland, Is it a cyst, tumor, malignant or benign?"}
{"text": "Before I had several sexual partners but as of now I only have one partner. My partner was diagnosed with ngu (non gonoccocal urethritis) because he was experiencing yellowish-green discharge. I went to have myself checked and I was diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis. I was prescribed metronidazole forte a vaginal suppository (1 suppository a night for 7 days). My partner was also prescribed meds and took an anti-gonorrhea injection. When I went back to my ob-gyne she said I was already cured. When my partner and I had intercourse without condom, it was very painful for me. I went to another ob-gyne and I was diagnosed with vulvovaginitis and uti because of my high wbc count in my urinalysis. She prescribed Cefuroxime 500 mg (2x a day with an interval of 12hrs for 1 week) and Travocort Cream (2x application within a day). My partner told me that his ngu came back because he noticed he had yellowish-green stains again and he\u2019s also taking his meds. I\u2019m done with my medications and will soon visit my ob-gyne again for a follow up check up. I just want to know if my past bacterial vaginosis, vulvovaginitis and uti has caused my partners ngu? I\u2019m really worried because he has ngu for the second time now and I don\u2019t know if it is because of me. Would like to hear from you asap! Thank you", "title": "I have bacterial vaginosis, my partner has gonoccocal urethritis, I\u2019m really worried?"}
{"text": "My father is 78 has COPD, diabetes, and dementia. He has stopped taking all medications and doesn\u2019t sleep on BPAP machine and doesn\u2019t  use nebulizer either. He has been refusing to eat and bathe. He has told himself that he doesn\u2019t have any money for medicine and the government is watching him day and night. He thinks people are trying to kill him and they want to arrest him for reasons that vary. If he calls an ambulance once he gets to hospital he refuses services and is not considered a danger to himself because it\u2019s not against the law to choose not to take care of himself.  Tried to get an involuntary mental evaluation warrant from the county judges office but they turned  it down. He is being tortured by all of the things he believes.  I don\u2019t know where to go next", "title": "My father is tortured by things he believes in, I don\u2019t know where to go next."}
{"text": "For five years I was taking 3 mg ativan every night before bed .. the advice of a psychiatrist, I decided to stop .. I got a situation I take a quarter mg every night (parallel I take before bedtime 1,500 mg of GABA) .. Now I trying to sleep without the pill (Im try for two and half hours to sleep) only after I take the quarter mg I manage to sleep .. I need advice how to stop this pill\nThank you very muc", "title": "I want to stop using Ativan, what should I do?"}
{"text": "I had a transvaginal scan for pain on my right pelvic area and back. During the scan she asked me if I\u2019m pregnant? We are ttc but the tests say negative and I also had a 2 day bleed which I told her. She said she sees a gestational sac and I should do a test again in a week. and when she looked at my ovaries they looked polycystic. A family friend accessed the report today to see what it says (not allowed I know but I\u2019m so confused). It said BOTH OVARIES POLYCYSTIC? RIGHT HEAVILY. GESTATIONAL SAC? BLEED. This is just the report before the doctor reads looks at the scans and puts notes in. What does this mean? Do I have PCOS? Am I pregnant?\nWhy would she see a gestational sac if I\u2019m testing negative?\nWhat is the bleed?! She never mentioned a bleed! I don\u2019t have another appointment for 3 weeks, I can\u2019t wait that long!\nMy relative said it could\u2019ve been a bleed or a gestational sac in the scan, surely there\u2019s a difference?! And they might want me to go in for a procedure on my ovary\u2026 I\u2019m scared now, if I am pregnant I would only be 4weeks, is that too early to get a positive? Someone please help me make sense of this", "title": "I had a transvaginal scan both ovaries polycystic gestational sac bleed?"}
{"text": "Am peg tube feeding my mother 65 after heart valve replacement surgery.  2 valve replaced, 1 repaired.  Have a complicated medical history that includes polio, Hodgkins lymphoma , breastcancer, paralyzed vocal cord. Having trouble with retaining fluid around lungs. Multiple pleuralscentesis, lots of bumex, etc. Now the question\u2026.as sodium causes the body to retain fluid, I am concerned about the sodium level in the Jevity that we give her. Is there a lower sodium equivalent?  Or is that level acceptable.  She can\u2019t seem to stop gaining the fluid, and it\u2019s been a month post op", "title": "I am peg tube feeding my mother, complicated medical history, need advice?"}
{"text": "i am a male of 35yrs old. After eating certain foods like indomie,spicy ingredients, stew, maggi in food. my HIGH BB rises. i also experience loosing of breath. my legs and hands feels tired and lack strength in them . what is the Cause of such illness.", "title": "After eating certain foods, I suffer high BP, loss of breath, loss of strength?"}
{"text": "I have chronic sinusitis, use a neti pot, take zyrtek D, and Flonase.  Usually pretty ok, but have had pressure in eyes and ears and can\u2019t sleep with my CPAP right now because of congestion.  How can I find relief", "title": "I have chronic sinusitis, can\u2019t use continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP), need relief?"}
{"text": "Please someone help my son he\u2019s only 7 years old he has Protein and trace of blood and trace of ketone in urine what doctor am I suppose to take him to see all that issue", "title": "My 7 year old son has, blood, protein and ketone in urine, what to do next?"}
{"text": "Need to know what might b wrong with my bac", "title": "I need to know what is wrong with my spine?"}
{"text": "i am a female 31years. i first experienced pain in my waist during sex with my hubby. the waist pain became severe after hearing a cracking sounds while lifting a basin of water. i found it difficult to walk far and keep on feeling pain in my waist while sleeping or siting down,  2ndly i have severe chest pain in my right side of chest. the pain now spread to my back . i feel pains in my whole body the pains is mostly on the right side of my body.\nTHE x-ray waist result reads { retrolisthesis of L2 and L3 vertebrae.", "title": "I suffer waist pain after lifting weight, pain spread to my back?"}
{"text": "Hello this is a question about my 18 month old son, we are currently in Zanzibar and have been here for just over 2 weeks now and since before we came he has on and off Diarrhea today though he has had two lots of very water Diarrhea and I don\u2019t know what to do! He\u2019s fine in him self and is still eating but I feel like he is loosing weight. He has a dairy and sesame allergie but I do not give these to my son, he is currently on paediatric Malrone Anti malaria tablets", "title": "We are traveling, my son has diarrhea and losing weight, on anti-malaria pills?"}
{"text": "My cousin had a spinal lumbar decompression & fusion operation about 5 months ago.  She now got a swollen feet & legs She cannot stand up or walk for long as she gets very tired", "title": "After operation, swollen feet and legs?"}
{"text": "I am a 34 year old female.  About 6 years ago I developed an allergy to apples, cherries and strawberries. Then, about 3 years later, I developed new allergies to more fruits/veggies, as well as to certain spices.  So I kinda play it safe and avoid eating out.  I prefer homemade foods.  Anyway, almost a year ago I seen an allergist and was told I had OAS.  Mainly to birch but I was allergic to tree and grass pollen.  My question is that if my food allergies are due to my OAS does that mean that I do not have a \u2018true allergy to the particular food(s).  For example, I have noticed that eating wheat (bread), makes my throat feel a little swollen immediately and the effect will last a few minutes, although mild itch occurs within an hour or so.  Will these allergies progress and possibly cause an anaphylaxis shock.  Also, if I was to treat OAS with the shots, does that mean that my food allergies will go away too", "title": "I developed an allergy to fruits/vegetables, told I have Oral Allergy Syndrome?"}
{"text": "Excessive burps all the time.\nNo matter what I eat, the problem continues\nI stayed on a porridge and oatmeal diet for one whole week, but the burps just won\u2019t stop.\nI feel a pressure on my chest all the time which soothes out after a lot of burps only\nIt\u2019s very disturbing, can\u2019t sleep properly\nThe problem started around 40 days ago", "title": "I\u2019ve had excessive burps for 40 days?"}
{"text": "I had sex with my boyfriend and I think he tore something in me because I\u2019ve been bleeding the whole day I\u2019m scared what do I do", "title": "I had intercourse with BF, think he tore something inside me, bleeding, I\u2019m scared?"}
{"text": "My son has has this rash for going on 3-4 weeks now. He has no other symptoms other than a runny nose off and on, no fever what so ever. It does itch, but it\u2019s manageable I think. He is almost 19 months old. It is mostly on his thighs and belly, but has also migrated slowly down his leg and on his left arm. I have taken him to the doctor twice. First they gave him a steroid cream and we used it for almost 2 weeks. Next they gave him a fungal cream we have been using since Tuesday with no relief", "title": "My 19 month old son has a rash on belly migrating down towards legs?"}
{"text": "I have a basal cell carcinoma on my cheek a Dermatologist did a biopsy it showed cancer and its more than what they took they sent me to ear nose and throat surgeon ive had it 2 years hes gonna take more of it is this the doctor i should be going to or should i be seeing a cancer specialis", "title": "I have a basal cell carcinoma, what specialist should I consult?"}
{"text": "For the last couple months my muscles from my toes to my neck and tounge have been freezing up. It doesn\u2019t hurt. After a few seconds they are able to move again. What is this? What specialty doctor should I contact", "title": "My muscles freeze up from my toes to my neck, what is this?"}
{"text": "Hello. My ankle has been weak for a while now. Sometimes it gets swollen but mostly it starts aching and goes weak. When I have my ankle support on it isn\u2019t as weak, also I am a dancer. What is the cause of this", "title": "I am a dancer, my ankle gets weak?"}
{"text": "My breasts have significantly enlarged at to point it is difficult to move. Nobody really offers me any solution. Hormones checked- all fine.No cancer. But they keep getting bigger and bigger. I have a heart condition- tricuspid valve regurgitation,have suffered pulmonar blood clots in the past. There is a version that it can be related to that,but still no solution. What can I do", "title": "My breasts have significantly enlarged to point it is difficult to move?"}
{"text": "i am 35 yrs old. i have hpv 16 .mynpap is normal. if hpv 16 is persistent then is it confirm that i will develop cervical cancer ?or the risk is only high", "title": "I have  human papilloma virus (HPV) 16, will I get cancer?"}
{"text": "I have a sudden onset of swelling in both legs and ankles. Both legs hurt and feel almost numb. What should I do?", "title": "I have a sudden onset of swelling in both legs and ankles?"}
{"text": "I recently got these test numbers back and they didn\u2019t fall into the required range. Hemoglobin 11.5, Hematocrit 36.6, MCH26.1, and MCHC 31.4. How serious is this and how can I change or improve these numbers", "title": "My blood tests came back abnormal, how can I correct this?"}
{"text": "Everytime i eat something with gluten/WHEAT. i either get very itchy skin often with small bumps on my back , a bit sore top of mouth . as im eating i can feel my stomach start griping and often i have a runny poo soon after.  i get very bloated and extremely tired. so tired that i cant keep my eyes open.these symptoms start within 2 hours of eating.i tried a gluten free diet and i didnt get these symptoms. i also had more energy. lost weight which i find hard to do and my fibromyalgia pain was almost non existent.ive mentioned to doctors and been tested twice for celiac twice, both negative.could this be some sort of allergy or intolerance", "title": "I have symptoms of gluten allergy, but tests show no allergy nor Celiac disease?"}
{"text": "i am 19 years old and suffer with really bad ear pain sometimes even the air hurts my ears , loud noises really hurt my ears i get in such a state i want to hurt who ever is making the noise so they would just stop, sometime i find it hard to hear the tv and then other days i find it hard to have the tv up loa", "title": "I have hearing problems, sometimes sounds are too loud, sometimes too quiet."}
{"text": "I have some form of skin disease or rash, but I have no idea what it is called or what kind of cream should be used, so far the best creams I have used is Apobase Blue and FrezyDerm\u2019s anticort.\nIt has been ongoing now for almost a year without looking like it is going away", "title": "I have a skin disease, but no idea what it is?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 16 years old and over the past few days have been experiencing stinging sensations on the outside of my vagina, I am currently on my period so I\u2019m unsure if that could be the case (although I\u2019ve never had it like this before) I\u2019m honestly too scared to get a scanning and I definitely wouldn\u2019t tell my parents. Me and my boyfriend have been together around six months and have intercourse regularly although he always wears protection, however I noticed it was quite painful the last time we did tried it. I\u2019ve also noticed excessive \u201cchunks\u201d coming out in my blood which have a weird skin like texture, I\u2019m extremely worried and want to know if it could be an sti. I\u2019ve even looked at my vagina myself to see if I could see any weird symptoms but it just looks a little grazed. It doesn\u2019t hurt when I urinate but when I wipe it often stings", "title": "I have stinging sensations outside my vagina, too scared to get scanning or tell my parents"}
{"text": "I only took 4 doese of Pristiq. I stopped the medication 15 days ago. My eyes are still swollen and hurting. The area under my eyes and my cheekbones is the worst. I have been to 2 doctors and they didn\u2019t take me seriously. My eye doctor told me to take benadryl. My family doctor said there is nothing he can do. I even called Pfizer and they had no suggestions. I know for a fact that this is from the Pristiq because I have never had symptoms like this before. The eye side effect is a known issue with this drug and it is even listed on the box. the box says some people are at risk for this and you should get preventative treatment if you are at risk. How do you know if you are at risk? What is the treatment? My question is, what can I do to help this? Did the Pristiq cause an infection? Could my body still be reacting to the pill after this long? Please help me, I\u2019m miserable! Thanks", "title": "My eyes are swollen and hurting, taking Pristiq, Doctors say nothing to do? I\u2019m miserable."}
{"text": "I am taking bromocriptine because of high  level of prolactin, but am not ok.I an restlessness, dizziness, fainting,body pains and fever. Please what should I do", "title": "I am taking bromocriptine, feel restlessness, dizziness, fainting,body pains and fever."}
{"text": "The muscles around my glenohumeral joint are hypermobile, they have been ever since I was little (Im now a senior in college). I don\u2019t sleep with pillow, and I fall asleep with my humerus misarticulated, and I feel like over the years the muscles have been getting more and more loose, making every day activities more difficult. Today I fell down the stairs, and in addition to the typical soreness one would expect with that, my right humerus was fully wrenched out of the joint and twisted up, and now my upper back hurts and the shoulder is more mobile than usual. Can you recommend anything to reduce the hypermobility and discomfort", "title": "I suffer from joint hypermobility,what do you recommend?"}
{"text": "I am addicted to red bull I drink over 50 cans a week , how can I get professional help", "title": "I am addicted to Red Bull drink\u202650 cans a week?"}
{"text": "Hi my bottom lip is turning pink gradually and my original color is brown. Few weeks back my entire inside mouth becomes black with lot of pain so I used Canker-X for treatment. I am bit relieved but my bottom lip is turning to pink gradually it looks so unnatural. Please suggest me what happened to my mouth and how to reduce this kind of discoloration inside mouth turning to black.", "title": "My mouth is turning from brown to pink, what is happening?"}
{"text": "I had an opiate addiction for just over 2 years snorting them was my vice I quit cold turkey 39 days ago but the problem I\u2019ve ran into is teeth pain top same side of my nostril of choice non stop pain and have resorted to snorting Tylenol it\u2019s only thing that helps I\u2019ve tried nasal cleanser etc nothing helps I don\u2019t want to snort anything anymore but I\u2019m scared to talk to primary care physician  any suggestion", "title": "I am snorting Tylenol, scared to talk to my doctor?"}
{"text": "I have severe period pains and always have since I first started. I have been taking Mefanamic acid for about 2 years but the pains are still extremely bad and unbearable. Since starting university, I can not afford to have this problem anymore, also tied with my anemia, I was just wondering if anything can be done and what other medication could I take? Thank yo", "title": "I have severe period pains, taking Mefanamic acid, need to solve medical problem for good?"}
{"text": "Hello, I\u2019ve been diagnosed with PCOS a year or 2 ago. In may I went to see an endocrinologist and was put on 1,000 mgs of metformin. I haven\u2019t had a period since January and the metformin isn\u2019t doing much. I get lots of sharp cramps where I believe my ovaries may be", "title": "I get lots of sharp cramps where I believe my ovaries may be?"}
{"text": "Good Morning. At about three months ago it happened an episode with me, where I went to a party, and at the time making use of lexapro. That day I made use of stimulants and ended up going to the hospital. There my beats were about 180 for a 4 hours period after was lowering. In this period when the rate was high, the doctors did an electrocardiogram, and during the examination could hear my beats giving brief intervals. quickly beat normal and gave brief intervals, type: tum tum tum tum tum pii pii pii tum (pi is the noise of the machine when the heart stopped supposedly). Anyway I was extremely scared at the time, I thought I would die. I received an intra arterial injection, put me oxygen to breathe better, gave me two tablets and intramuscular injection in gluteo. I was discharged the same day, and out of the hospital groggy, barely able to walk, switching legs. Upon arriving home my throat swelled up so much that I could not breathe through the mouth, it tampava the passage of air and I choked me in it. Soon the throat returned to its normal size. I always had a very active life and a very good physical conditioning, and soon after the episode came back to play sports and go to the gym. But a few days here I feel my heart strange, sometimes I have tachycardia, sometimes it seems he\u2019s one stronger beat, and I felt pain in the outer bone in the center of the chest to move and inspire background. Sometimes also I think q my heart accelerates and decelerates in a very short time, seconds issue. In these last two months I have experienced moments of much stress and anxiety due to the end of a dating long. So I do not know what can be. I\u2019m sorry text size, but needed to explain all the symptoms I\u2019m feeling. Anyway, Mr. think I may have some sequel to what happened to me that day in the hospital? I have contracted an arrhythmia? I do not know for sure what happened because the doctors did not tell me. But sometimes I think I started to have a heart attack. Thank you in advance", "title": "I have tachycardia, heart accelerates, stress, anxiety, am I having a heart attack?"}
{"text": "Hi, I do a fair bit if cardio, but sometimes when we have to do quick sprints and I am breathing hard, i start coughing and my lungs hurt and when I stop I have a bad cough and can taste blood for a while. I sometimes have the cough for a few days afterwards", "title": "I do a lot of cardio exercises, but now lungs hurt, I have bad cough that tastes blood?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve got Spermatoceles cysts but I\u2019m too shy to tell anyone. Is there any home treatment to this cause there is no way i wanna tell anyone even my GP. It\u2019s been an issue for about 4 years and it\u2019s really embarrassing. SO please can anyone help me im a male of 16 years. IS there any home treatment i dont wanna tell anyone not even my parents please help me there should be a natural remedy to apply or somethin", "title": "I have spermatocele cysts, don\u2019t want to tell anyone \u2013 even my doctor?"}
{"text": "Hello, i am a 30 year old woman. no medical concerns that require medication or treatment (that i am aware of) For the past 3 days i have been suffering from severe stomach pain and diarrhea. within 60 minutes after i eat anything, be it fruit, sandwiches, meat, vegetables, cereal, etc. you name it. 60 minutes afterwards i am on the toilet for roughly 30 \u2013 40 minutes with intense painful diarrhea, and before that severe stomach pain, afterwards i have stomach pain as well. i am scared to eat anything\u2026 what could this be", "title": "I have sever stomach pains and diarrhea, scared to eat anything?"}
{"text": "I have 5 year old son. My son doesn\u2019t listen in class and doesn\u2019t concentrate. I don\u2019t what to do anymore? What can i do so he could stay still and be patient", "title": "My 5 year old son doesn\u2019t listen in class and doesn\u2019t concentrate. I don\u2019t what to do anymore?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m a 15 year old Female and lately I\u2019ve been experiencing complications. It started about 3 weeks ago. I started to feel bloated everyday and it hurt a lot. I just figured it was stress because I\u2019m a very stressed out kid. Anyways the pain never went away. Now the current symptoms I\u2019m facing are: stabbing pain that comes and goes under my ribs in between my stomach and back, My lower left back is killing me with pain,  Gas, bloating, frequent Bowl movements, feeling nauseous, and just abdominal pain in general. I\u2019ve never had any problems like this in the past so I hope you can help. Thank you", "title": "I\u2019m a stressed out 15 year old girl, stomach, back killing me with pain?"}
{"text": "Lately I have been waking up with a weird sharp pain under my lower left rib cage. It is a very sharp sudden pain and begins mainly when I am laying on my right hand side but then once triggered it continues for quite some time. Heat helps calm it down the best. I also had random shoulder/arm pain and aching once with it and when I walked around my arm felt useless (left arm). Not sure what is causing this. It is in the area where my sleep would be. Almost one year ago in a college division one soccer game I was kneed directly in the rib cage in the area the pain is. I was told I had a very slight fracture in my rib and bruising but nothing to be worried about. Not sure if this could be connected? Just curious if you\u2019d be able to pin point this a little more to what it could be causing that pain after about a year (I know it is hard with everything it could be). Thanks for your time", "title": "I have sharp pain under my lower left rib cage, what is it?"}
{"text": "Hi Doctors my name is (\u2026) (41yrs) from SA. My problem is my Hip it is very painful.I went to a GP two weeks ago the last week I was admitted.The Doctors did X-rays,MRI and scans.they could find nothing wrong.\nI don\u2019t remember hurting myself or anything.I need some advice please.The three days in hospital did not help either.The pain simply wont go away and I don\u2019t feel any better.\nThanking you in advance", "title": "My hip is very painful, doctors didn\u2019t find anything?"}
{"text": "I woke up this morning with muffled hearing and ear ringing in my right ear. It has not gone away and it\u2019s now night. The muffled hearing causes slight hearing loss and fluctuates. It eases when when sitting and gets worse when standing. My ear is also slightly numb. There is no pain or drainage. Should I wait for my appointment in the morning or is this something more serious", "title": "I woke up muffled hearing and ear ringing in my right ear, is it serious?"}
{"text": "Sir/Madam,\n                  Please give me some advice about on my fathers treatment, he is now 65 years old.He has been suffering from asthma for a long years about 25-30 years back, along with this disease he also suffer a gall bladder stone ( as per report 30 gm weight) but some doctors are concerned it is not possible to recover the stone by surgery for the asthma patient. So, Sir we have not taken a concrete decision for further treatment for both of diseases. So please give us your valuable advice to recover the stone for further treatment.\nThanking yo", "title": "My 65 year old father needs gallbladder surgery, we need a second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello. I\u2019m abit concerned about the way I\u2019m feeling. I\u2019m currently taking \u201cNefopam, gabapentin, neproxen, and amitriptaline\u201d prescribed drugs. Since 18:00 today I have been feeling like I\u2019m high on an illegal drug! That\u2019s the only way I can describe how I\u2019m feeling! It\u2019s gradually been getting worse throughout the evening. I\u2019ve eaten and drank and I still feel strange. Is there any reason for this?? I took this morning at 10:00 \u2018600mg gabapentin, 500mg neproxen and 2 tablets of 30mg Nefopam\u201d\nThis afternoon around 15:00 I took the same amount of tablets.\nI have been drinking plenty of water throughout the day and been eating normally.\nCan you please help me as I\u2019m getting very concerned!!\nThank yo", "title": "I\u2019m feeling High \u2013 but only taking medications?"}
{"text": "Hi..I am a software engineer so have to sit with laptop for long time. Recently I got my eyes tested and was told that I have\u201dComputer vision syndrome\u201d and my eye muscles are week and was advised to take some eye exercises along with eye drops.\nFrom the last 3 weeks I and have:\n\u2014 Stiff neck with mild pain in my right shoulder. (pain is not such that hinders my day today work, able to move my arm freely)\n\u2014 heaviness in head just above the part where skull begins.\n\u2014 heaviness and feeling like some nerve is compressing when lying flat on the bed.\n\u2014 mild pain on top of head and temples(portion above ears) especially when I work on laptop \u2014 this is not regular pain.Also recently I had all my blood tests and all were normal.Kindly suggest your opinion for the same", "title": "I have Computer vision syndrome, pain in shoulder, head, nerves?"}
{"text": "hello,\nis it just me or  is impossible to get close to people,  i don\u2019t know if its an (AvPD)} thing  or something else. i want so desperately to get to know people when i go out or  in college  but i just can\u2019t be myself,  i can\u2019t make conversation  in fact when i\u2019m around people i feel empty and like there\u2019s no me and i feel  like a stranger  when  i see  couples and  people talking  i just hate  myself  in that  time , i can only make small talk but i lose all substance so i feel bad and  scuttle away to be alone because feeling inept and unable to connect with others is too painful .  i think i have  avoiding personality disorder (AvPD), How to Overcome an AvPD doctor", "title": "I think I have Avoidant Personality Disorder, I am inept and unable to connect with others?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m currently under going a breathing problem since January I\u2019ve had ct scan and breathing test. I saw my consultant last week and he said something about enlarge heart. Earlier this afternoon I had stabbing pain in my left chest that lasted about a minute and now left me bruised and more breathless. What do you think", "title": "I have an enlarged heart, had stabbing pain in left chest, what do you think?"}
{"text": "broke femur almost 6 mths i can walk little hobble here and there but not able to get to put socks on left foot i work and need todo this ive had little physio seems at times just given exercise sheet sent away todo it seems like pulling at top of leg if i try to do certain exercises but is this just me being little bit scared and need to push it a little bit more so leg muscles exercise and this would help how long  is this break suppose to take some say im young and it should return to what i was like pre to accident should i exercise every day ???? ive a cheap bike in spare room trying to go on this too", "title": "I broke my femur, can hobble here and there, can\u2019t put my socks on?"}
{"text": "Hi my name is (\u2026) and i am 17 years old. I\u2019ve been having these episodes where I have a hard time breathing and my chest hurts, I also get very painful migraines . Then sometimes I have tunnel vision and i have to grab on to something weather i\u2019m standing or sitting so i don\u2019t fall over. Usually they only last for 10-15 seconds but recently the last time it happened it lasted about 5 minuets and my friend had to help me sit down at school. Also i haven\u2019t been able to sleep because I jump in my sleep and it makes me up or I  just can\u2019t fall asleep and it takes a lot of out me because I have long days at school. lastly my appetite has just disappeared. I have hardly been eating because food makes me feel sick or nauseous. I\u2019m not stressed because things are going well for me so i don\u2019t think it\u2019s stress. If anyone could give me an answer/diagnosis  or a way to help my symptoms i will be so grateful", "title": "I\u2019m 17 years old, have a hard time breathing, chest hurts and painful migraines?"}
{"text": "Is it possible to have a fractured ankle with no bruising/swelling? I\u2019ve sprained my other ankle in the past, and doesn\u2019t feel the same. I fell, heard and felt a crack, and immediately felt really nauseous. Lots of pain if I try to move it or walk on it, but zero external indicators. It\u2019s mostly a dull ache that sometimes radiates up calf and under arch. Burning sensation and a bit of numbness if I try to bear weight on it", "title": "Is it possible to have a fractured ankle with no bruising/swelling?"}
{"text": "Hi, I will conduct a complete MCU, including ECG, for intake new employment.\nIt was said that my ECG result was not normal, it stated that I have RBBB.\nI did another ECG in the next week and the result was LPFB.\nI also did Echo and the result was normal.\nFYI, I have no family history of heart problem, low cholesterol.\nWhy does my ECGs were abnormal? Is there any chance that I pass MCU?\nJpe", "title": "My ECG is abnormal, what is wrong with me?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m currently going through a miscarriage. I\u2019ve been bleeding not heavy, and mainly only when I wipe after going to the loo for 4 days now with no cramping. My question is how long will this take? And how will I know once its all over. I\u2019ve only had a blood test from my GP and nothing else has been offered", "title": "I\u2019m currently going through a miscarriage, how long will this take?"}
{"text": "I have been experiencing bad migraine headaches and got worse I cannot eat, sleep my stomach is up set I feel like throwing up like the specialist that I go to don\u2019t know wat I have plz ur my only hope I don\u2019t want to feel like this agai", "title": "I have bad migraine headaches, can\u2019t sleep, can\u2019t eat?"}
{"text": "I have had swollen salivary glands now for 6 months i have had an ultra sound and the dr said i do not have cancer but they don\u2019t know what it is i am in constant agony and they very rarely ever go down. help me pleas", "title": "I have swollen salivary glands, doctor doesn\u2019t know what it is, I am in agony?"}
{"text": "I broke my jaw due to being punched and it caused nerve damage in my face.\n My lip and chin have been affected. MY question is this , its been over 1 month and i\u2019m losing hope. The chin and lip area feel very strange. I can feel cold and hot in those areas and feel sensation when rubbing (like a pen cap) across the area \u2026 but the tightness in my lip /and chin are driving me crazy . Feels like there is a rod inside my lip/chin . Are these all good signs of healing ? I know you can only speak in general terms without seeing everything , such as ct imaging , the doctors, who are only plastic surgeons think I should be ok , but I cant help but to wonder since this is not their specialty . I\u2019m not sure what stage of damage was done to the nerve, but with this type of injury are these signs of recovery and do you know how much longer it will take ? And since I can feel some feeling there, is it going to keep gradually returning or just stops ?\nBecause it improved a bit and now feels no different over the last 3 weeks or so Thanks for your time and any help at all will be greatly appreciate", "title": "Received punch in the face,  caused nerve damage, is recovery possible?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 16 and my period cycle has been about 55 days for the past year. First I didn\u2019t think anything about it (mostly because I liked not having my period as often), but now i\u2019m concerned that it might hurt me in some way\u2026 Like making me unable to have children in the future. So my questions are, is it normal at my age? If it isn\u2019t normal, then what is happening? Is it something I can fix on my own or do I need to go to my doctor? And will it affect me having children in the future", "title": "I\u2019m 16, my period cycle is 55 days, is it normal?"}
{"text": "Hi, about 6 month ago I got a lump on the right side of my bum just to the side of my anal passage, it was very sore and itchy but for the last few months it seems to have broke the skin and it bleeds from time to time and it has also come to a head a few times and fluid had come out, it just doesn\u2019t seem to be healing so what do you think I should do?", "title": "I got a lump on my right side, very sore, bleeding, what should I do?"}
{"text": "What is this, it is on my scalp, I\u2019ve been noticing it for almost a year now seems to be getting a little bigger but doesn\u2019t hurt or anything, I am a 46 year old male with no health issues", "title": "I have growth on my scalp, getting bigger?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am 26 year old male. And since 5-6 days I am having a vibration like effect in my upper left chest area. It occurs on random timings and lasts for sometime or even couple of hours. First I thought this is due to acidity but isn\u2019t. I also have minor cough. Current heart rate \u2013 76-80 BPM I want to know due to what this is occurring and the solution to this. I am quite worried about it. And also this is not gastritis", "title": "I am having a vibration like effect in my upper left chest area \u2013 I am quite worried"}
{"text": "I m 25 year old unmarried adult. I have a problem of all body muscle pain, muscle spasms. Sometime, i cant move my leg to walk freely and hand to wash face. It occur unconditionally. I have discuss with a PMR doctor and took some test like calcium level, typhoid, potassium etc. but i found its all normal.  It happened to me from last 3/4 year but unconditionally i.e. After a month or after 3/4 month and last for 2/3 days. I don\u2019t no the cause of it. Plis help", "title": "I cant move my leg to walk \u2013 all my body aches?"}
{"text": "Hey, I\u2019ve been having headaches for about 3 years now constant and painful ones, lately this year I\u2019ve started losing my sight in my left eye going blurry or completely black. I\u2019ve had a doctor say it was a pesdotumor and then a couple others suggest it was a real one, so we did a MRI and a CAT scan and they haven\u2019t found anything. I was just wondering if y\u2019all would have a second opinion or if y\u2019all could tell me what it is", "title": "I\u2019ve been having headaches for about 3 years now, losing sight in my left eye?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a male 61 years old, I have a carotid artery aneurysm  (monitored), I\u2019m on high blood pressure meds. I took a reading of my BP it\u2019s 135/89   Heart rate 128 left arm\nShould I go in to the dr", "title": "I\u2019m 61 years old, heart rate 128 should I go to the er or doctor?"}
{"text": "I had a ct scan of ear as well as opacity in mastoid it said soft tissue attenuation in middle ear cleft I am waiting for a hospital appointment my doc did not explain what the soft tissue comment could be I am worried could this be a tumor", "title": "I had a ct scan of my ear\u2026.I am worried , is this a tumor?"}
{"text": "I had a snowboarding accident 6 years ago. I tumbled down a small ski mountain and landed on my left shoulder at an odd angle before I stopped flat on my back with my feet twisted completely backwards (with the snowboard attached). I was driven to the urgent care clinic and told I sprained my shoulder, my ankles, and have concussion (that lasted 6 months). They gave me a sling and crutches and sent me off. A year later I came back with a pinched nerve and my shoulder, and in checking it out they uncovered a long list of issues connected to the accident: weakened ankles and knees (I\u2019d have sudden shooting pains and my legs would give out), left hip at a lower angle than the other, and as well as a pinched nerve in my left shoulder that had been numbing my entire arm, the muscles around my shoulder blade were so loose the bone was winging out. Rock hard, painful and aching muscles that were so tight neither my physical therapist nor a professional masseuse could work them out, even with electric -therapy. I\u2019ve been in physical therapy for 6 years straight, get a massage here and there, try and work out knots with the thera cane I was given, but I\u2019m always either in pain or dull and achy in my left shoulder, neck, and sore all up and spine and near both shoulder blades now. When I walk too much my left tilted hips aches. It\u2019s hard for me to sleep as I sleep curled on my left side. I\u2019ve been to the hospital and they told me it was all a muscle issue and that I ought to just keep doing physical therapy, but other than taking away the brunt of the agony, it\u2019s really not doing much. Am I just cursed to do all this physical therapy for the rest of my life and be in pain, or is there anything at all more I can do?", "title": "I had a snowboarding accident,  I\u2019m always either in pain or dull and achy- am I cursed?"}
{"text": "Female, 40 yo, history of low blood pressure.  Lately I\u2019ve been having a slow heart rate as well, as low as 38 bpm.  I exercise regularly and eat clean 80% of the time.  Am prediabetic and control with diet.  I\u2019m frequently tired and lack energy.  Have no issues falling asleep, in fact I sleep rather soundly the first few hours after falling asleep.  This is when the low pulse is recorded.  Combined with my low bp, is this normal", "title": "I have low blood pressure, low heart rate, tired and lack energy is it normal?"}
{"text": "My mother has been diagnosed with Acute Lymphocytes Leukemia in the B cell in August (we got her a bone marrow biopsy) and the blood film was detecting 65% blasts in her white blood cells . She didn\u2019t take any treatments but cortisone since then. and when we got her CBC last week, it was all in the normal range. Her white blood count was 7, though it was 52 when we first checked her CBC.  And the blasts went from 65% to 20%.\nWe did a Philadelphia chromosome gene test and it was negative.\nAnd I\u2019d like to add that she don\u2019t have any physical symptoms or tiredness! Is it possible that she had a leukemiod reaction?", "title": "My mother has Acute Lymphocytes Leukemia \u2013 may have had a leukemiod reaction?"}
{"text": "my 10 year old daughter has had a stomach ache for a week.  She feels hungry but when she eats she feels nauseated.  Pediatrician could not find anything obvious so only prescribed ONDANSETRON anti nausea \u2013 what do you think is causing the stomache ache \u2013 ulcers or acid?  Would it be okay to get a kid\u2019s antacid like peptobismol or tom\u2019s to relieve pain?  How about tylenol", "title": "My 10 year old daughter has had a stomach ache for a week\u2026need your opinion?"}
{"text": "Is it normal to get scarlet fever 3 time in the space of a year and a half? Thank", "title": "I have had scarlet fever 3 times this year\u2026.is it normal?"}
{"text": "Hi.\nI had a bad accident ~5.5 weeks ago. I broke my thumb\u2019s metacarpal on my right hand, initially they believed it was a bennett fracture, but luckily wasn\u2019t displaced, so didn\u2019t require any surgical action- and on my left I hand broke and displaced my scaphoid, and the distal end of my radius in a few places. Around 4 weeks go, I had a procedure done where a titanium compression screw inserted into my scaphoid, carpal tunnel surgery to avoid complications with the nerve that runs through my palm and near the scaphoid, and a bone graft and two temporary pins in my distal radius. My right hand had a splint, which came off today.I\u2019m the captain of my schools running teams, year round since my HS sophomore year- cross-country, indoor track, track, and I was on track (no pun intended) to a division 1 running scholarship. I went into the ER knowing I had broken my left wrist and right thumb, but at least I had a sense of relief that I would be able to run with the casts on- at least it wouldn\u2019t effect my main focus and way of keeping calm/getting away during the school year. But that changed when I realized I needed surgery- I\u2019ve been instructed absolutely no, zero physical activity, which is killing me. I get why I\u2019m instructed not to run: If I fall, and break it worse, I could be losing dexterity or feeling in arguably the most useful body part- But, I can\u2019t think of any reason why a core exercise, or a stationary bike ride could injure me, other than the risk of infection from sweat. Is it a real concern?I really want to be able to save this year of running, it\u2019s a huge deal to me, and missing the first half of the year is going to make it nearly impossible to achieve my goals this year, and if I don\u2019t do it this year, it\u2019s not going to get done. Can I maintain shape (not running, not racing, just stationary biking and core) until I have the pins removed from my arm without worry of infection?Thanks.An upset distance runner", "title": "I\u2019m captain of running team, had bad accident, doc says zero activity\u2026but I need to run?"}
{"text": "Just anxious about my recent MRI . There\u2019s several difference since my last in 2014 . Just wondering if there\u2019s anything alarming or if I\u2019m just a worry wart.", "title": "I am anxious about my recent MRI \u2013  anything alarming, or am I just a worry wart?"}
{"text": "Hello I am a 17 year old boy who plays soccer in the sixth tier of German football.Last two weeks during a soccer game I got hit on the side of my right knee.I couldn\u2019t continue the game.I went to an orthopaedic surgeon and he said I had torn my acl and lcl so I need to be operated.I want to know if there is a chance of skipping the operation and get back to soccer again please..?? If there are alternatives I would love to know please.?I would be glad to get your opinion.\nThank you\nYours faithful (\u2026", "title": "I play soccer, tore my acl and lcl, do I really need surgery or can I continue to play?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 28 years old female -from Algeria, Africa- and I\u2019ve been suffering from what it\u2019s been diagnosed as a mycosis in my intimate area since the age of 14. I went to a specialist twice when I was a teenager, but now I\u2019m too shy and embarrassed to let anyone see this part of my body, so every time it appears  I just take what the doctors prescribed me: Saforelle Gentle Cleansing Care and Mycocide (an antifungal that contains Triamcinolone,N\u00e9omycine and Nystatine). When I apply the cream for a week the swollen spots get better but the dark \u201cthings\u201d on my lips (I can\u2019t tell which ones minor or major) never went away. I\u2019m too scared to know the truth about my condition but I can\u2019t stay indifferent anymore. What I noticed during all those years is that it gets worse  when I take antibiotics to treat other minor health problems. For the record, I clean this area with water everytime I use the toilet and with soap once a day. I also never had any sexual contact or relations in my life, but I got recently engaged and I\u2019m frightened to let my fianc\u00e9 get close to me. I don\u2019t have a camera but I\u2019ll try to take a picture of it if necessary. Please, help me. All my regard", "title": "I have mycosis, never had sexual relations but am getting married\u2026I\u2019m embarrassed?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nMy husband and I have been trying to conceive for the last 4 months. The last 2-3 months I have had breast pain (mostly on my right breast but some on the left, feeling more deep in the tissue and closer to the side of my breast). I have also had dull pressure on my ovaries that comes and goes; mostly on the right but some on the left. I went to the gynecologist recently and she did an exam of both without any concern. I currently take a prenatal about two months ago started taking an iron supplement and fish oil supplement. I have also noticed increased hair loss and I have always been one who is always tired (I am not pregnant)??", "title": "I have breast pain, pressure on ovaries, hair loss, tired \u2013 need second opinion?"}
{"text": "Hello,\nAt 8 years old my stepmother put me on lithium and I believe I was kept on some form of mood stabilizers for bipolar until I was 18. I only just found out about this happening without my knowledge and, emotional shock aside, I am worried. I spoke with my therapist and he agrees that I do not have bipolar. So, are there any side effects that could occur due to longtime use that began so young with something that didn\u2019t even match with my brain chemicals?\nThank you, (\u2026", "title": "My stepmother put me on lithium but I don\u2019t need it \u2013 I\u2019m not bipolar?"}
{"text": "My father 65 years old, suffering with Grade 4 fibrosis with Cirrhosis. This has been identified on Aug,2016 while he was having Swollen abdomen and leg with moderate ascites. He is having pacemaker also since 2 years. After identifying cirrhosis, he was admitted in hospital for 18 days having diurtics process. After hospital discharge, its been around 15 days, but now he is suffering with heavy head, stomach fullness. From yesterday onward he is suffering with nausea and vomiting also. He cant even sit for a while,need to lie down  as he is having heavy head and dizziness. He vomits everything he eats. Therese is shortage of urine and stool also, even though medicine are in process. Below are the list of medicine are going on, which are prescribe from hospital during first followup(Last Tuesday, 21st Sep,2016).1. LASIX 20 MG twice a day.\n2. SYNDOPA PLUS 125mg 1/2 tabe twice daily.\n3. URIMAX D 1 tab at bedtime.\n4. RIFAGUT 550mg twice daily.\n5. RAZO 20mg 1 tab once daily before breakfast.\n6. CARDACE 1.25mg twice daily.\n7. CARDIVAS 3.125mg once daily.\n8. ALDACTONE 25mg once daily.\n9. CARDARONE 200mg once daily.\n10. URESTOR 300mg 1 tab twice daily after meal.Could you please suggest, why he is having vomiting suddenly, as he was fine after discharge. please help", "title": "My father is suffering from Grade 4 fibrosis with Cirrhosis suffering nausea and vomiting."}
{"text": "My mum suffers from spinal stenosis, chronic pain, neck pain and a variety of other conditions. For almost two years now she has lost most of her mobility and has muscle spasms that effect her ability to walk on her own. after many hospital appointments and doctor appointments we are still unaware of the extent of her condition. no doctor has been able to determine where her extreme pain in her spine, neck, head and shoulder are coming from. We have discussed using cannabis oil to see how it can help her pain but we are unsure as to what way we can go about it. I would be concerned about the combination of medication my mum is already on, with cannabis oil. Daily my mum would take, 2400mg of gabapentin, sevredol, buscopan, amitriptyline, baclofen, 100mg morphine, ondansatron, omeprozole, fluoxetine, lidocaine patches and an antibiotic for infections as she is constantly getting infections whilst being catheterised. we know that morphine would not be a good combination with cannabis oil and are maybe going to try and wing her off morphine and replace it with cannabis oil. I would really appreciate some advice. I can elaborate on anything if needed. Thank", "title": "My mother has chronic pain and lost her mobility \u2013 is medical cannabis oil ok?"}
{"text": "Before I start I want to make it clear I\u2019m not depressed !! I feel anxious and worried all the time. At home if anyone raises their voice to me I get really upset and it\u2019s getting worst. When I have to go somewhere i get really anxious, I want to get sick my chest hurts and I start to cry when I get there I\u2019m okay if I don\u2019t have to speak but feel like people are looking me, when I do speak or part take in anything when I get home it plays on my mind that I did something wrong and people don\u2019t like me. I take everything to heart now and I know I\u2019m getting worst as in don\u2019t want to leave the house in case something bad happens, I don\u2019t like talking to people no", "title": "I feel people looking at me \u2013 it plays on my mind?"}
{"text": "What could chronic lower back pain be caused by? It\u2019s gotten worse over the past few months, standing is starting to hurt and it\u2019s a sharp pain. Lifting, bending and laying flat also are extremely painfu", "title": "I have chronic back pain \u2013 gotten worse over the past few months?"}
{"text": "My menstrual cycle finished on the third of September an came back the fifteen it then stopped on the twenty an came back the next day an is still happening..I\u2019ve been stressing a lot so am wondering if its because of that an I\u2019ve had this fever from around a week ago I constantly have minor headaches an feeling dizzy..can someone please help me out an tell me if I\u2019ve caught some type of disease or something", "title": "I have a repetitive menstrual cycle, fever, headaches and feel dizzy?"}
{"text": "If your D-dimer is chronically high what does it mean mums had xrays scans no blood clots but she has had 3 episodes of not being able to get her breath she cant walk far without getting out of breath her left lung has collapsed at the bottom and they don\u2019t know why she is 83 and had her left hip half replacement in june. They say they cant find anything wron", "title": "My mother\u2019s left lung had collapsed but doctors don\u2019t know why?"}
{"text": "Hello,trying to find out why my muscles are very weak,cancer has been ruled out,had numerous blood tests bone marrow,full body scan,muscle biopsy,xrays,mri, igg count elevated very high, normal is 600 to 1200 I am over 2500,found high protein levels in my blood;but no cancer. Im lost,still very weak", "title": "My muscles are very weak, cancer has been ruled out\u2026I\u2019m lost?"}
{"text": "What do I do? I feel like a crash dummy. I was admitted in the hospital last thanksgiving for 7 days because of vomiting blood. They did and endoscopy and found unknown but I know they sotterized it because of bleeding. I dont know my full medical record but have been dealing with these issues for almost 15 years. I had been told I have ulcers when I was 18 but when I was 21 they were gone. I have always dealt with heartburn/reflux. Used to use protonix but stopped as ulcers went away. I was just recently admitted in the hospital again due to the same thing, except now they still tell ulcers are gone and the endoscopy they did was clear, there was no issue but I am still vomiting, cant seem to hold much down other then apple juice, and all food is uneasy to digest. When I go #2 its like air and water. The whole that does come out is not much and it looks like stones. I haven\u2019t touched it\u2026 yet but man I am worried. It hurts to go to the bathroom (#2). I have steady pressure on my stomach and the only way the pressure releases is to reflux. It sits there so long it makes me want to puke. WHAT TO DO I DO????", "title": "I feel like a crash dummy\u2026.vomiting blood\u2026had problem for 15 years?"}
{"text": "Hi there, I am 20 years old and have knocked knees(6-7cm\nGap between my feet) . From what I understand there is no fix for this without surgical means. I have no pain whatsoever. Would Osteotomy be recommended in my situation. In advising could you let me know the pros and cons", "title": "I have knocked knees \u2013 no fix \u2013 or do I need surgery?"}
{"text": "First it started as a sinus infection and now almost a year later I have headaches and migraines and when I walk a distance I get lightheaded and dazed feelin", "title": "I had a sinus infection that turned into headaches, migraine and dizziness?"}
{"text": "My background: 7 years ago I found out that when I pass out my heart completely stops, so I was fitted with a pacemaker. Since it was fitted I sometimes get a strong fluttering feeling in my heart, which I\u2019ve had checked out and is nothing to worry about. However, in the last few weeks I\u2019ve been getting a different sort of feeling in my heart. It\u2019s very hard to describe, but I guess it feels like my heart\u2019s very light and floating. It only lasts for 1 heart beat or so though. It\u2019s been happening quite often in the last few weeks. Any ideas please? Thank you", "title": "I have a pacemaker, now get a light and floating feeling in my heart?"}
{"text": "Hello. If any doctor is willing to help me with answering this question, I would be really happy. So back when I was 7 years old,like a month before turning 8, I broke my left arm,right before the elbow, the incision is like 6 cm long, for which I had undergone a surgery for and a metal rod was put there to hold the bone in place. The thing is that I had to go 2 years later and get the rod removed, which I didn\u2019t cause at the time I was really scared that they would need to amputate my arm , I know pretty funny, but I was playing violent games from an early age. Years passed and I didn\u2019t really mind the metal rod, didn\u2019t feel it or anything. Starting 18 I started having some minor pain there after I ve forced myself with some weights,push ups and things such as that. Now I\u2019m 19 and I really want to go get it removed, since I am still feeling some minor pain and I cant force myself with weights or sports too much anymore and I also started having nightmares about it. What I would like to know is if it is still possible, if it is done quickly under local anesthesia or general anesthesia,a little bit harder and how long it would take to heal. Appreciate the help", "title": "I\u2019ve had a metal rod in my arm for 10 years, now I want it removed?"}
{"text": "My friend had an car accident few months ago he had many injuries but now he had recovered all his physical injuries but he is mentally injured very badly he had forgot all the things of past even he didn\u2019t recognize me when i met him what to do now please help me his age is around 2", "title": "After car accident\u2026.29 year old losing memory?"}
{"text": "I sprained my ankle really bad 2 months ago! I got an X-ray but the X-ray was okay. The swelling didn\u2019t go even after two weeks so my doctor suggested getting no an mri. The Mri repost said I have partial tears of the anterior talofibular and calceneofibular ligaments! Other findings are-\nMarrow edema involving the lateral talar dome, portion of the medial malleolus and small portion of the cuboid presumably representing intraosseous contusions. I don\u2019t understand the above and I\u2019m really freaking out! My podiatrist has given me naproxen and asked me to make alphabets with my foot everyday for a month. But I want to know it is really unusual to have the selling even after two months. I can walk easily I have no pain. But pain is get in mornings when I wake up. Plz let me know if I should get a second option from another podiatrist", "title": "I sprained my ankle really bad I have partial tears of ligaments \u2013 need second opinion?"}
{"text": "I just had an MRI to check breast implant.\nIt reads: \u201d\n Right breast silicone implant demostrates a prepectoral silicone implant withoust definite signs of rupture.\nThere is a prominent radial fold along the interior central aspect. There is a surrounding T@ bright fluid collection which suppresses on water suppresed images.There are 2 areas of focal bulge with possible herniation, of the superior lateral and the superior central aspects of the implant\u201d\nThere is a focal bulge along the superior lateral aspect measuring 2 cm,containing T2 bright water signal fluid.\nSuperiorly, the implant and surrounding fluid bulges posteriorly and there may  be disruption of the fibrosis capsule.\u201dNow, last week I had a mammogram and they said that cancerwise everything was all right.\nBut with this MRI, do I need to worry about cancer", "title": "I just had an MRI to check breast implant do I need to worry about cancer?"}
{"text": "Ive took 20 tablets of 40mg citalopram and im not sure what to do now i dont no whether i should go to hospital or ill be fine i dont want to have to go again to hospital so if ill be fine ill just stay in i just dont want to die anymore and im a bit worried im about 17st 5ft 7 and femal", "title": "I swallowed 20 tablets of 40mg Citalopram whay should I do?"}
{"text": "Hello. I have recently discovered a lump on the neck spine of my wife. It is located at the place, where the spine connects with the scull. The lump itself is hard (bony), immovable (it feels attached to the spine), and a little painful when pushed. My wife is 20 year old, generally healthy (exept of the stye on the right eye). The thing that worried me a lot, is that she had a bad cancer history in her family- her grandfather and grabdmother died from cancer. Can this lump be a cancer", "title": "Lump on neck spine, family died from cancer, can this be cancer?"}
{"text": "Thumping headache for 3 days with painful aching joints. Disturbed sleep due to the pain. Loss of appetite. No fever or sore throat or coughing. I\u2019m a fit healthy active person. No allergies or current medication", "title": "I have a thumping headache for 3 days with painful aching joints?"}
{"text": "I have had what feels like food stuck in my chest / oesophagus for two days. I dont really feel anything until I swallow liquids or foods and get a sharp shooting pain/ feeling in my chest. I have tried to drink plenty of water and have also taken rennie incase it was heartburn however nothing has changed. Any help would be much appreciated", "title": "I get a sharp shooting pain when I swallow?"}
{"text": "Can an employee work in the food industry with Syphilis", "title": "Can an employee work in the food industry with Syphilis?"}
{"text": "I am an 18 years old female. Today in cheerleading practice after streching my legs (i was practising for about 45-60mins before that) i tried to do the splits and went down without putting any pressure or feeling any pain. Then my front leg cracked and i feel intense pain after that. I applied ice with no much result. Could you understand by that how severe the strain is? And how much time will it need to recover", "title": "I am a cheerleader, my leg cracked?"}
{"text": "On 8/4/15 my body totally changed and I have been sick with my main complaint of Rice Krispie sounds everywhere in my joints, joint instability, neck pain, knee pain, and headaches and recently raynauds. I have had a neck/knee X-ray, visit to neurologist and rheumatologist and orthopedist. The only diagnosis I have received was loose ligaments. My feet and area behind my knees cramps and I\u2019m getting worse. My ana and RF is negative, my sed rate is 2 and no C-reactive protein issues. Initial Lyme test was positive but immublot was negative. About to check into the mayo clinic I\u2019m so baffled and feel like my head might fall off my neck. I can turn my head in a repeated direction and get disabling pain and grinding/popping.Tylenol does not help the pain. I have some neurological symptoms including no \u201cwow\u201d during an orgasm and had period of extreme stress Past Two years. Since ruling out lupus, RA? Maybe adrenal issue?? I\u2019m so frustrated I just want this \u201cnamed!", "title": "My ligaments are cracking, grinding, painful \u2013 Rice Krispie Sounds \u2013 what do I have?"}
{"text": "On the 11th of september i went out for a few alcoholic drinks with my partner for our anniversary, I woke up with numb tingling hands as if i had left a hairband on both wrists over night.. I went to work that night ( involves stacking shelves of all products light and heavy..and till work)  the next day my hands were still the same but worse and my arms, feet and legs started to tingle. I went to see a on which she arranged for me to have my bloods done. the following monday having been sick off work because of it, the bloods came back fine but the doctor decided to sign me off for a week to relax and see if the pain goes away. so this is the second week and i had really bad back pain tuesday on shoulder blades. the tinling always constant not so much in my feet and legs as that has started to go away. yesterday, friday i felt alot better and decided to test myself, i did my usual housework and have woke up with it back in my right arm and right hand its so tingly im finding it difficult to use cutlery or even write. my left hand is weak also but not as bad as my right. i am getting very distinctive tingling in between my shoulder blades. im struggling to know what to do as i wanted to go back to work monday but i physically and emotionally wont be able to do i", "title": "I\u2019m off from work, can\u2019t use my hand, pain in arm, can I return to work?"}
{"text": "Hi, I inserted 4 tablets of cytotec vaginally on 23/09/16 and few hours later, I started bleeding, I also experienced cramps, I observed some blood clots come out, as they were quite painful. My question is, do I need to insert another 4 to complete the abortion?\nAlthough, today is 24/09/16 and im still bleeding but not profusely, just normal", "title": "I am trying to have abortion, 4 tablets of cytotec enough?"}
{"text": "I am experiencing a lot of pain in my lower arm just below the elbow. It hurts to lift anything,  also when I make a fist or turn my arm upside-dow", "title": "I have a lot of pain in my lower arm?"}
{"text": "For over 30 hours I have been dealing with swelling in both hands. It is mostly localized to random parts of different fingers and is accompanies by tingling throughout the hand. Benadryl has been working as a temporary relief but it keeps coming back. What should I do", "title": "Hands swelling for 18 hours  \u2013 what should I do?"}
{"text": "Hi I\u2019m 35 weeks pregnant and I\u2019ve been experiencing intense back pain and pelvic pressure. And my urine has had no colour for the past couple of days it looks like water everytime I go and there\u2019s light brown when I wipe. Please hel", "title": "I\u2019m 35 weeks pregnant my urine has no colour,  with back ache, please help?"}
{"text": "Hello,  I am a 61 year old male ,for the past 2 months I have had raised red spotty rash at the base of spine at top of buttocks ,no creams I\u2019ve used have any effect . Also have back pain in the rash area", "title": "I have back pain with red spotty rashes?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a female, 19, and over the last couple of months my hair has started to thin a lot at the front. Sometimes is happens to where a small patch is nearly bald. I have tried everything to stop it from happening but nothing as worked. Why is this happening?", "title": "I\u2019m 19 and losing my hair\u2026why?"}
{"text": "If you have Jerviderm put in your lips can it be taken out", "title": "I had JUV\u00c9DERM put in my lips can it be taken out?"}
{"text": "10 years back I was diagnosed as Type-II diabetic patient and my doc advised me to take Lantus Insulin. After some trial and error 16 units was decided.\nNow for some months I am noticing that my sugar is  around 200 for fasting and 265 as PP.\nNow I am taking Triglycomet in the morning and 18units lantus insulin at night.\nPlease suggest", "title": "I was diagnosed as Type-II diabetes, can you help?"}
{"text": "My husband is 35 years. He is suffering from abdominal pain since last 4 weeks. When he gets pain it lasts for an hour. His hands and feet get cold. He had endosocopy and colonoscopy done. Report says body and antral type gastric mucosa with mild chronic active gastritis composed of scattered lymphocytes and plasma cells in the lamina propria. There were minor changes suggestive of PPI-effect on acid-secreting tubes. H Pylori not detected. There is no intestinal metaplasia, dysplasia or malignancy. Blood test report says Lipase Level 82 U/L. What do you suggest?", "title": "My husband is suffering from abdominal pain, here are results, what do you suggest?"}
{"text": "Hi, for years now I have been suffering from severe belly aches. They are not constant, but do occur almost every day. The pain can last from anywhere between 10 minutes upto the whole day. When the pain starts it starts quite dull, I can bare it, usually within the hour I am in severe pain and it spreads to my ribs, my back, everything hurts. The pain isn\u2019t just in one spot, it makes my WHOLE stomach ache, as if there is just a sheet of pain covering my stomach. Do you have any idea what it could be", "title": "I suffer from severe belly aches for years now\u2026what could it be?"}
{"text": "I have been married for 2 and half years now. We are trying to conceive after first year of marriage. I have tried TVS scan for tracking ovulation which happens between 15th and 16th day counting from my first day of periods. Recently i had undergone some tests which resulted i have high antisperm antigen value and also TB of uterus. My husband\u2019s sperm analysis is normal according to my doctor. I am taking medications from past two months for both the conditions which are AKT-3, Prednisolone 10mg, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride 40mg.We tried last month and i did not concieve. My periods cycle vary from 31-37 days. i am 27 y.o and my husband is 32 y.o , I want to know whether we should try naturally or should i think of IUI as an optio", "title": "We are trying to conceive, should I think of IUI (Intrauterine insemination) as an option"}
{"text": "My kid suffering from this but the doctor said its an alargy of some kind of food or its an aczema but i dont think so ?!?", "title": "My kid is suffering from \u2026.this \u2026 what is it?"}
{"text": "I am 34 years old. I have thyroid problems. I\u2019ve had 1 miscarriage and 2 children. 8 years ago I had my tubes tied. I had my regular period a week ago and I stopped bleeding\u2026but Everytime my husband and I have sex I start bleeding really bad afterwards. We haven\u2019t done anything different. Can you please tell me what could cause this. Someone said I could be pregnant in my tubes or have a cyst or tumor. It doesn\u2019t hurt\u2026just a little cramping. I will bleed anywhere from 1 your to 12hours then stop again. What is going on", "title": "I bleed for 2 to 12 hours after intercourse\u2026what is going on?"}
{"text": "Hi Doc,\n\tI am a 28 yr old male, for the past 2 years experiencing various symptoms like Fatigue, Body Pain & Bumps. My major & frequent symptom is fatigue & body pain, initially this occurred 3 to 6 months once but now it\u2019s like once in every month. Once the symptoms start to hit I will feel very tired and whole body will be in pain like I am going to have fever, it will continue until a week and goes off after that no use even if I take paracetamol it will remain for 1 week and goes off itself. Beginning I thought I had some fever but the hospital I visited mentioned my temperature is normal, I had consulted one or more doctors who had concluded me that it\u2019s because of STRESS. I have been tested for CBC (Full blood test), Thyroid, Ultrasonic for kidneys, VDRL, Hepatitis and even HIV where all turned out to be normal. More than once & in different period of time I got tested for WBC where the doctors said I have no infection and all my counts are normal. For record I had sex with protection in the past.\nOver the past 2 months I managed to change my lifestyle like extending my hours of sleep to 7 & half hours to 8 hours (Before I used to sleep only 6 hours max.) and working out my body 5 days a week. But still I am experiencing the symptoms more often unlike before as the fatigue & body pain now started to occur twice in a month. I am totally confused & annoyed and no idea in what direction I should move forward like should I continue to look out for more tests on STD types of diseases or else should I test for cancer or any other tests. Kindly be advised", "title": "I suffer from fatigue and body pain for 2 years\u2026 is it STDs or cancer?"}
{"text": "Hi I was hit in the ear by my little brother and I can\u2019t hear properly in my ear now. It\u2019s ringing as well it\u2019s as if water of something is trapped in there but there\u2019s nothing there. I even used cutips to see if there is any wax. There was a little bit but that\u2019s about it. It really hurts and I don\u2019t know what to do", "title": "I was hit in the ear I can\u2019t hear properly ,really hurts \u2013 don\u2019t know what to do?"}
{"text": "I have a gout attack that has lasted for over a week now. Right big toe/foot. Very swollen, red, hot, tender, extremely painful!Now have red blotches going up my leg.Ankle also very stiff. Is there any danger to letting the flare-up run its course? If so, how much longer should I expect to be in this much pain", "title": "I have a gout attack\u2026blotches going up my leg?"}
{"text": "For past 3 weeks ive had constant pain in my abdomen, my appetite has gone, i constantly have diaharea,nausea and dont feel like moving. I have spend the past 3 days on the couch feeling ill. I came on my period as normal but very heavily for 4 days then it was light spotting for nearly 2 weeks on and off. Can you tell me what can be causing this", "title": "I have constant pain in my abdomen, my appetite has gone?"}
{"text": "I have been bruising a lot for no reason if I get hot I start shaking and can\u2019t think straight my vision is getting bad and this all started a week ag", "title": "I have been bruising a lot for no reason and losing vision?"}
{"text": "My wrist has been swollen for a week now I have tried putting an ice pack on it for 3 days and keep it elevated. It hurts so bad that last night I could go to work this morning. Why or what is causing this to happen to me", "title": "My wrist is swollen, hurts so bad can\u2019t go to work."}
{"text": "Doc; I have an Ivc blood filter from a car accident in 06, from being in a medical induced coma 6 weeks I had a brain injury and to stop swelling I was put in the coma, in the last year my health has went downhill. I have migranes 2 a day at times, my legs hurt constantly, I have anxiety attacks, I have a stint in my right leg, I don\u2019t have a clue what\u2019s wrong please help", "title": "After I had medical induced coma, my health has gone downhill"}
{"text": "My age is 41, weight is 85 KG and height is 1.7 meters. At the beginning of this year I started feeling slight dizziness and shortness of breath. I latter found out that my blood pressure was on the high side averaging 140/90. I tried to exercise this pressure down, healthy eating, no salt, but problem is that sometimes my pressure would spike to levels like 160/110 pulse 150 for a short time of less than 5 minutes and then leave me feeling weak for a few days.\nBefore starting Medication I did ESG, ECHO, cholesterol test, x-ray and blood test. Everything was registering normal.\nSo I was put on amlodipine 10mg and Propranolol 40mg on 1st July 2016. This helped lower my blood pressure to around 115/68. Only problem is that it makes me feel quite tired after little activity like walking. After complaining about this tiredness to the doctor yesterday, he changed my drugs to 100mg Losartan (1 tablet per day) and 25mg Atenolol (2 tablets per day).\nWon\u2019t the sudden stop of using amlodipine and propranolol bring problems; I thought they would just reduce the medication cause this is what I ultimately want, reduction of these meds until I stop using completely", "title": "I have high blood pressure, medication makes me tired, want to stop meds"}
{"text": "For past some time I have been noticing urgency in urination and sometimes to the level of unrest,  for not being be close to a washroom. I did ignore it as I consume lot of water and gradually I scaled down the quantity of water intake. However, for past some days I observe strange smell (resembling odour of semen after and during the urination. I did not pay proper attention to this issue except discussing the matter with my physician who just brushed it a normal thing. However, today I feel body ache, with mild temperatures and the urine is coming out in very small quantity but the frequency is more. There is penile pain during the urination which continues for a shortwhile after the urination. One hour past, I felt the change in colour of my urine and I feel as if the blood is coming out with the urine for the colour of urine got changed. kindly advise as to what should I do on priority basis. Is there any reason to worry beyond reason?I have not any significant medical history and got my body profile examined in July the reports of which do not suggest anything.\nI did take a DoLo-650 tablet today morning, to address my fever issue", "title": "Urgency in urination now with blood"}
{"text": "At the age of 2 months, a nurse noticed that my DS has uneven hip creases. So we eventually, did a US scan which indicated that both hips are fine with the alpha angle 63 degrees (left) and 74 degrees (right). The femoral head coverage was 58% (left) and 65% (right)Now as she grows up the legs length and knee height difference become more pronounced. This week at the 4-month check the nurse has also noticed that  and we are doing another USS.What Are other reasons for this condition if not hip dysplasia", "title": "My son has uneven hip creases becoming more pronounced"}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019ve been having nausea and have been vomiting for a month or so now. It first started with what I think was gastric when my stomach would hurt if I didn\u2019t eat, to loss of appetite and now constant nausea and vomiting. When I smell strong smells like food, cigarettes or even when I\u2019m in a public toilet I get nausea and then I vomit. But just recently I have been lightheaded, very tired, irritable and have been breaking down a lot more emotionally. Is this something to do with my mental health? Or is there something wrong", "title": "I have nausea and been vomiting for a month. Mental or Physical problem?"}
{"text": "So i\u2019ve had this \u201cball\u201d under my tongue, on the roof of my lower mouth, and i\u2019ve had this for like 2-3 months maybe more, it does not hurt. it just is there. but whenever i eat a lot the ball grows a bit and becomes hard, and then after a while if i have not eaten anything, it will return to normal, being soft and little smaller. i showed it to my doctor and he said he did not knew what it was. so maybe or hopefully you can help me. I\u2019ve had cancer before, it was called Hodkins lymphoma i think. but according to the doctor im done with the cancer for some years ago", "title": "Growth under my tongue, varies in size when I eat?"}
{"text": "Suddenly passing out after falling on his bottom, while playing football, however it wasn\u2019t straight away. It took around  5 minutes after getting up. Was complaining of dizziness and blurred vision.\nWhen on floor I put him in the recovery position and then tapped his face repeatedly and called his name after which he came around and then acted like nothing happened. During this event someone was calling 999 and I spoke to an operator but my friend didn\u2019t want to have an ambulance come. I\u2019ve been observing him for the last few hrs now and he looks fine. However I\u2019m quite concerned. He is being very stubborn on the subject of not seeing a doctor or paramedic. Can you please hel", "title": "Passed out sometime after falling \u2013 dizziness and blurred vision?"}
{"text": "Hi My baby is 14 days old, suffering from loose motion one of my family doctor has advised Walamycin 2.5 ml 3 times a day & Enterogermina 1/2 ampul two times a day is it ok", "title": "My baby is 14 days old, suffering from loose motion is Walamycin, Enterogermina ok?"}
{"text": "Blood pressure was 240/110 admitted to hospital with severe headache and nausea pheochromocytoma was suspected.  Mass was found on right kidney dr wants to wait and watch. This was second episode in five months of hypertensive emergency. Would like another opinion?\nHi there", "title": "Blood pressure was 240/110 admitted to hospital\u2026need 2nd opinion"}
{"text": "My question is would you know what is causing very painful aching pins and needles in my arms and legs and also stiffness in neck and feeling lightheaded all the time?\nThankyou", "title": "Painful aching pins and needles in my arms and legs?"}
{"text": "Hello. I\u2019ve had watery, glassy eyes for almost a year now. My eyes constantly look sick, as if I had a flu. In december last year my ophtamologist told me that my eyes were dry (he performed no test to determine that, I don\u2019t know if maybe there are some) and prescribed me HYLO-COMOD eyedrops. However, these didn\u2019t help much. After few months he prescribed Hypromeloza-P for ten days, which also didn\u2019t help in terms of getting rid of that sick look. I\u2019ve had my hemogram done last week due to constant fatigue and malaise and everything seems fine. RDW CV is 15, 2, the reference values being up to 15, but I suppose that is neglectable. I have no difficulties raising my eyelids in the morning, but they feel stingy sometimes. What could be the cause of this \u201csick look\u201d", "title": "I\u2019ve had watery, glassy eyes for almost a year now\u2026what is the cause?"}
{"text": "DEAR DOCTOR , I AM \u2026 FROM SRI LANKA , I HAVE POLYSISTIC OVARY SYNDROME , I AM ON PRIMLOUT FOR 14 DAYSAND CLOMID FOR 5 DAYS CAN YOU PLEASE SUGGEST ME HELPFUL DIET PLAN AND ANY HERBAL MEDICIN", "title": "I need a diet plan and herbal medicine for polysistic ovary syndrome"}
{"text": "How do I get rid of ulcers on my legs? They are about a quarter inch in size and will not heal. They just scab over with this yellowish kind of semi hard scab.. and also produce a clearish liquid when the scab is not dry or it falls off\u2026I\u2019ve used every kind of thing to try and heal it like alcohol or hydrogen peroxide even neosporin but it doesn\u2019t seem to work, actually seems to make it worse.. I also have a Sample RX bottle called ALVECIYN Dermal Spray which is for pressure ulcers and things like that. It\u2019s the only thing that works at all and has healed smaller ones.. I will attach a few pictures of different ones I have. Any information would be great.", "title": "How do I get rid of ulcers on my legs?"}
{"text": "Recently I stopped taking all of my medication (Xanax XR, Buspirone hcl, & Lexapro) on my own terms without my doctor recommending it. Once I stopped taking them I\u2019ve had this really unusual sensation run across my body from head to toe like a wave and the best way I can explain it is like an excitement feeling mixed with a small shock.. It seems harmless right? But.. It happens so often, like sometimes many times every few seconds and other times every few minutes. It sometimes gets to the point where I feel disoriented for a short period of time and feel as if I\u2019m about to pass out for a second. I\u2019ve tried to research any similar things but I couldn\u2019t find any! It\u2019s getting to the point where it\u2019s actually frustrating me and affecting my mood and is really really bothering me. What could it be? Should I see my doctor? How can I fix it?Meds: Xanax XR, Buspirone hcl, & Lexapro all for a few months, roughly 4-", "title": "I stopped taking all my medication\u2026feeling excited."}
{"text": "3 weeks i went to the doctors as i was having difficulties with my speech and was tested for a stroke.   all test came back clear\nim also a diabetic and celiac\ni stayed in hospital for 5 days under going tests.   i had MRI scans and 3 lumba punctures in 1 go\nMRI was then diagnosed as MS\nafter a few days i was terribly sick thinking it was pain through the lumba punctures\nwhile in hospital i was given gluten food and after 3 days of being sick and sugar levels up as high as 18\ni was discharged\ni have been ill with extreme sickness for 2 weeks not able to keep food and drink down.\ndoctor then came out and readmitted me to the hospital and was diagnosed with DKA\ni was put on drips of glucose  insulin   salane  potasium\ni then had a ultra sound scan on my stomach which came back clear..\ni was then discharged again\ni have currently lost 2 stone in 3 and half weeks  extreme sickness and very very weak   unable to stand with out help\ndoctor came today and said it is possible the MS\nhaven\u2019t an appointment for 3 weeks time with the MS consultant.\nIm very scared and worried as im not eating and drinking and deteriorating rapidly\ni need urgent hel", "title": "I am deteriorating quickly \u2013 do I have Multiple Sclerosis (MS)?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a female, 28 years old, 10 months ago I had a blood tests and the LIPIDS Profile results were (Serum Total Cholesterol = 215, Serum Triglycerides = 62 , HDL = 64, LDL = 138, VLDL = 12), I didn\u2019t take any medicines and my doctor recommended diet and weight loss.\n7 months later (3 months ago) I had another blood tests and the LIPIDS Profile results were (Serum Total Cholesterol = 222, Serum Triglycerides = 48, HDL = 83, LDL = 129.4, VLDL = 9.6) and (TSH = 1.72, T3-Free = 3.2, T3-Total =84) and (VITAMIN B12 = 292), The doctor gave me these medicines (DELTAVIT -B12- 1000 MCG, Eltroxin 50, Inegy 10mg/20mg tablets) for a month.\nBut I noticed that I\u2019m putting on weight even my daily diet/routine didn\u2019t change and I\u2019m exercising 3 times/week, my status is getting worse I\u2019m more tired and I feel full even if I hadn\u2019t a large meal after one hours I feel my stomach is full with food and desire to vomit but never did.\nI had a blood tests 4 days ago I was shocked by the results and the LIPIDS Profile results were (Serum Total Cholesterol = 283, Serum Triglycerides = 127, HDL = 75, LDL = 183, VLDL = 25) and (TSH = 1.87, T3-Free = 2.7, T4-Free=1.0) and (VITAMIN B12 = 492).\nI\u2019m really confused what can cause my Cholesterol to get that high and make me to put on 10 kilograms in just 3 months? thank you", "title": "I\u2019m really confused what can cause my Cholesterol to get that high!"}
{"text": "Doctor: I am on medication for heart disease and have noticed red blotches appearing under my skin on my arms just above the wrists.  These blotches vary in size and frequency but it seems they are much larger after I exercise.  The medication I am on are beta blockers, blood thinners and a couple more that I have no clue what they do as I am located in China and am on chines made meds.  The blotches appear to be blood located under the skin.  It actually looks like a bruise however, nothing has happened to cause any bruising.  I have shown the blotches to a couple of Chinese Doctors, but they tell me one is a children\u2019s pediatrician and the other specializes in womens problems..soooooo I require some advice\u2026.sincerely", "title": "I am on medication for heart disease now have blotches under my skin"}
{"text": "I am 26 year old and was 5 week pregnant. I have no medical history and prescribed with HCG injections once weekly for 3 weeks and progesterone tablets for 20 days before my blood test reports. As HCG is FDA pregnancy category X and not indicated in normal pregnancy. Is is safe to take these medications in early pregnancy. I have extreme fatigue and low back pain from past one week", "title": "Question: 5 weeks pregnant\u2026.safe to take medications?"}
{"text": "I can\u2019t tell if I have early stages of ringworm. I\u2019m a dancer and recently touched many dancers and am trying to figure out if I need to tell them", "title": "Should I tell my fellow dancers I have ringworm?"}
{"text": "Hi. I\u2019m a 28 years old women and I found out in june that i have gallstones. I had few attacks but none since two months. I\u2019m on a very long list for a gallbladder surgery. Before i found out I had gallstones I was trying to conceive. I would like to know if I should wait for my surgery or go on trying to get pregnant. Thank you in advance!\nHi. I\u2019m a 28 years old women and I found out in june that i have gallstones. I had few attacks but none since two months. I\u2019m on a very long list for a gallbladder surgery. Before i found out I had gallstones I was trying to conceive. I would like to know if I should wait for my surgery or go on trying to get pregnant. Thank you in advance", "title": "Question: Waiting for gallstones surgery \u2013 can I have a baby?"}
{"text": "Hello sir I am 44 year old and I am experiencing problem with my brain 2 or 3 days ago for sometime about 1/2 an hour my brain doesn\u2019t respond, I did not know where I was, I even forgot my home but I know who I am, where I have to go I don\u2019t know. For that  period of time I did not feel any pain and became senseless. This was happening from 1 year I met many doctors but they did not gave any satisfying reason, some told this is due to low BP and taking stress of mine. I am also experiencing problems in my daily life I didn\u2019t think properly and forgot my things.\nSo plz give me a solution of my problem", "title": "Question: Experiencing black outs \u2013 amnesia \u2013 creating problems in my life."}
{"text": "I can see worms around 4-6 inches possibly longer under my skin, they are seen on the sides of my belly and seem to be slowly moving up. Either I\u2019m loosing my mind and think I feel pain in my abdomen, with slight stinging sensations where the worms are currently or its reality and I\u2019m infested. I went to the ER, but it took hours upon hours to see anyone(which I never did) so I went to the Walk-in Clinic instead. Well the nurses were baffled and showing each other the picture, even wanted our number so we could keep them updated because at least one enjoyed herself immensely. I did not.\nI was prescribed the usual ant-parasitic meds that I can\u2019t afford and my government crappy insurance won\u2019t pay for. I was recommended to buy over the counter cheaper meds, apparently all the meds are for Pin Worms, I did that even though I don\u2019t have Pin Worms.\nTook the meds last night and even a bunch of minced garlic(heard parasites die from garlic).\nSo\u2026This morning I wake up to see more than the one I saw the morning before, and on the opposite side of me. Doctors I have called and at different hospital\u2019s tell me the same thing, take the medicine and basically without actually saying it, the type of worms your describing are exotic and very rare, they are not in the U.S. blah blah blah!. Apparently I\u2019m suppose to sit her until they get into my lungs and brain(if not there already) and freak out. Now I hope it all in my head and the worms are not worms but one can only hope. Where do I get help from someone who will take this seriously", "title": "Question: There are worms under my skin and along my belly"}
{"text": "For the past 3 weeks, I have been getting these sharp, stabbing pains in and between my shoulder blades with the pain in between being the most severe. They come and go but they are usually accompanied by nausea and last between 30-60 minutes. In the past, I\u2019ve had my gallbladder removed and pancreatitis 3 times but I don\u2019t have a fever and I\u2019m not vomiting  so I don\u2019t think pancreatitis is the cause. I\u2019ve tried treating it like a strained muscle but the \u201cattacks\u201d are just becoming more frequen", "title": "Question: Sharp, stabbing pains in and between my shoulder blades \u201cattacks\u201d more frequent now"}
{"text": "I am unmarried, vegetarian girl in late thirties. My weight is 43kg. My bp is generally 60/90 and has been always low in my life and I was thin always in my life. My body started swelling since last year. Later swelling is apparent on stomach and now mostly apparent on face and more on upper lip and right jaw side. I feel very tired all the time and sometimes feel pulse everywhere in body. Bones and muscles ache is also there. It\u2019s very difficult to sleep at night as I feel restlessness in my legs. I feel my stomach is moving heavily while i walk.I got several tests done and my thyroid, urine tests were normal. Then doctor told to get Iron studies and b12 tests done. Iron studies showed iron 33 \u00b5g/dl, iron binding capacity 433 \u00b5g/dl, transferrin saturation 7.62 % and vitamin b12 was 281 pg/ml. Then doctor prescribed iron tab ferium chewable tab twice a day. Initially I felt little better and my HB level came from 9 to 11 and platelets at 159000. But slowly new symptoms added. Now it\u2019s like hands and feet are not in my control. Eating my soup by spoon is a struggle sometimes for me. My head has also started spinning sometimes. I feel something is still lacking in my treatment. Plz guide what should I do.\nThanks so much", "title": "Question: My body is swelling, losing control of hands and feet"}
{"text": "What can help with chronic epididymitis, especially when it seems to spread to the nerves? What is spermatic cord block? Would this help?\nSo far treatment over 6months has included: various antibiotics, painkillers, pain gel, hot/cold packs, antidepressants for nerve pain, smoking MJ, electric shock device for nerve pain, anesthesia every 2weeks for nerve pain relief. All scans done CT, MRT, ultrasound and x-ray, have shown nothing significant. Core pain is located at vas deferens (sperm tube)", "title": "Question: I need relief from chronic epididymitis"}
{"text": "Lately with my throat i have been having constant throat clearing and a chronic cough going on for maybe two months now.  I have to keep clearing my throat to prevent hoarseness of voice.  I had concerns about throat cancer because i use chewing tobacco so was referred to an ENT for further evaluation.  The ENT performed a visual inspection of throat, nose and ears (didn\u2019t use a scope or anything), an ultrasound of my thyroid and CT scan of my neck.  On the CT scan he noted that that everything appeared normal (statements like spaces of oral floor and neck are clear and well defined, the pharynx and larynx show normal boundaries and normal wall thickness).  The only thing that stood out was \u201cthere are multiple reactive enlarged lymphadenopathy seen bilaterally, normal neck CT scan otherwise\u201d.  Impression of thyroid ultrasound was \u201cessentially normally study\u201d.  I can feel one of the enlarged Lymph nodes on the right side of my neck with is non painful and can be pushed it to the point where it can no longer be felt.  I keep seeing online that a tube should be passed down the throat for observation.  My question is can i trust the results of the CT scan and thyroid ultrasound to have detected some kind of throat cancer or lymphoma and put this fear behind me?  I\u2019m 24 years old", "title": "Question: I had CT Scan for throat cancer \u2013 can I trust results"}
{"text": "I had an abscess between my legs upper part, it took 3-4 days and then is was very large , a circle about 5cm /2 inches in diameter and protruded, also a red streak developed about 4-5 cm going away from the center of abscess.\nFrom day 2 I started antibiotic and started applying fucidine and then fucicort by day 4  ..\nI knew I had to go to the hospital and open it but I was traveling and had urgent matters so I delayed it. By day 5 unexpectedly I found the abscess dramatically better which surprised me, I waited and another day and it was much much better, by today (day 7) I can still feel the abscess but it is just about less than one cm and not protruded and everything else is fine and nearly no pain.\nYet I am afraid that all the infection went inside the body? I have no fever or anything. But also when I first got the abscess I had flu and sinus, which I am still having but better, sinus is still there.\nToday is the last day in the antibiotic augmentin 1mg .\nWhat should I do ? Should I continue to take antibiotic for 3 more days?\nShould I be worried", "title": "Question: Abscess between my legs, taking antibiotics\u2026.what next?"}
{"text": "Hi I have white lumps on the top of my throat", "title": "Question: Hi I have white lumps on the top of my throat?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had some weird skin phenomena happening and I haven\u2019t gotten an ID. I have a large brown splotch of skin that appeared below my knee two months ago and hasn\u2019t faded, changed shape or color, or been irritated or itchy. It looks like a light birth mark or bruise. Just prior to its appearance (a couple days), I noticed a burn-like sensation on my thumb, despite not actually burning myself, though I had been in the sun a little, without sunscreen, but did not get burned at all. When I squeezed my thumb, blisters formed on the skin surface, than merged into one large burn-like blister. Smaller blisters appeared on nearby fingers. These healed and became small brown spots, which \u201cspread\u201d to both hands/fingers. These disappeared quickly. The spot on my leg seems similar, though much larger, and it persists. I\u2019m not even sure these are related! What could these be?", "title": "Question: Weird skin phenomena happening\u2026skin changing shape and color"}
{"text": "This is regarding my thyroid level. I have thyroid from past 4 years .\nFrom past few month i could see frequent change in my TSH level.I consultant my doctor but he says TSH is\nnormal even though it is fluctuating .Last month my TSH was 4.3 and this month it is 2.84 .\nI recently did my Thyroid antimicrosomal antibody test and the level for antibody is really high .\nPlease find below and help to suggest something.TOTAL TRIIODOTHYRONINE (T3) ->  99 ng/dl  -> Range in  60 \u2013 200\nTOTAL THYROXINE (T4) -> 9.7 \u00b5g/dl -> Range in 4.5 \u2013 12.0\nTHYROID STIMULATING HORMONE (TSH) -> 2.84 \u00b5IU/ml -> Range in 0.30 \u2013 5.5\nFREE TRIIODOTHYRONINE (FT3) ->  3.29 pg/ml -> Range in 1.7 \u2013 4.2\nFREE THYROXINE (FT4) ->1.16 ng/dl -> Range in 0.70 \u2013 1.80\nANTI MICROSOMAL ANTIBODY (AMA) ->  77 IU/mL -> Range in <34\n\n*As per my research & knowledge, Hashis\u2019s is Autoimmune disorder which \nattack thyroid from normal functioning. \n\nCould you please let me know more about this and confirm me if I \nhave got Hashi\u2019s disease? Is there any serious complication here? Is this treatable ?\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nadvertisement:", "title": "Question: Did thyroid test \u2013 do I have Hashimoto\u2019s disease?"}
{"text": "I am 8 weeks pregnant. I have a history of pcod and unde rgone ovarian drilling lap after which I conceived. Now my belly button is infected 3 weeks back. I am cleaning the area and applying antibacterial cream. Is it serious issue?? What are the complications that could arise from this?", "title": "Question: 8 weeks pregnant, umbilicus is infected"}
{"text": "Hi my mom was told she had Shingles, how contagious is it? I\u2019m assuming skin to skin contact only? Can you get it from just being in the same room? I read that anyone who never had Chicken Pox can get it from someone with Shingles, but can someone who had Chicken Pox transfer it to another who never had it as a carrier", "title": "Question: My mom has shingles\u2026can she transmit it to me?"}
{"text": "I have an 11-month-old baby boy who wakes up every hour to two hours on a regular basis at night.  Most the time I can give him Motrin Orajel teething tablets Etc.   i\u2019ve also tried gas drops putting cereal in his bottle rocking him etc. unfortunately nothing has helped this is been going on for over three months and he never gets a solid night sleep or even just a one time a night sleep normally it\u2019s 3 to 5 times a night he\u2019s waking up and screaming  for a bottle in order to get him to come down he\u2019ll drink 1 ounce or 2 ounces go back to sleep and then wake up an hour or two later searching for that bottle for another answer to and this is repeated all night long I don\u2019t believe this is normal I wanted to see if someone had ideas", "title": "Question: Baby wakes up 5 times per night \u2026not normal"}
{"text": "Hi, I popped my knee cap outwards about 7 years ago and hit  it back in and never went to a dr but its been tender from then till now and around 3 weeks ago a dog jumped onto a couch i was kneeling on and jumped on the back of my knee. It swelled right away and has gotten worse over the last few weeks. My whole leg is now swollen. I saw a dr 2 weeks ago who gave me tablets to reduce the fluid but its worse. Could you please suggest anything to reduce the swelling and pain", "title": "Question: Popped knee 7 years ago, got worse , how to reduce swelling and pain"}
{"text": "Can a mother with autism be able to raise a chil", "title": "Question: Can a mother with autism raise a child"}
{"text": "Something went wrong with my throat. For 4 months now i feel a lump in my throat. I try to swallow or take it out, but it\u2019s impossible. The feeling is all the time present. There isn\u2019t any kind of pain, but it\u2019s irritating. I try to cough to take it out and this provokes vomiting or voice changing. I prefer to eat or drink something hoping that it will go down. NO, it is there at the end of my nose, driving me crazy. Please, give an advice", "title": "Question: Something is stuck in my throat \u2013 can\u2019t get it out"}
{"text": "About 3-4 weeks ago sciatic nerve started hurting on right side- butt and upper thigh. Then I started having ringing in ears. Meantime I was hospitalized for low blood count and given 4 units of blood. When I was released from hospital still having ringing in ears scaitic pain and pain in thigh. Now the ringing is VERY loud and I have no balance", "title": "Question: Ringing in ears\u2026. and I have no balance"}
{"text": "My college told me that I need to get a(n) MMR booster shot. They said I received my first and second dose of MMR too close together back in 2002. Im not sure if I actually ever got my second dose of MMR, but I know I got the first one. Is it safe to get the MMR booster shot having only had one dose or already having both doses even though Im not sure if I\u2019ve had them or not. I called a pharmacy and they said they can give me the shot. I just want to make sure if it\u2019s ok. I\u2019m 20 now if that makes a difference and I received my first dose back in 2002. Thank", "title": "Question:  Measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine \u2026safe to repeat shots"}
{"text": "I have a pimple like bump under my right breast. It hurt a lot yesterday and today it just randomly started bleeding, though it is smaller and doesn\u2019t hurt anymore. Could it be MRSA?", "title": "Question:  pimple like bump under my right breast\u2026is it MRSA"}
{"text": "I was found with complex endometrial hyperplasia.\nthe report says -\u201d  The section studied show endometrial granular hyperplasia with disorderly proliferative pattern and stratification of the lining of the epithelial with stromal hemorrhage\u201d\nis this \u201cwith atypia\u201d or \u201cwithout atypia\u201d.?\nis the removal of the uterus needed?\nIf so should I remove the ovary or not", "title": "Question: I have complex endometrial hyperplasia, is removal of the uterus, ovary needed"}
{"text": "hi , about one year ago I went to the doctor because I had a lump in my breast and it caused me to have constant heartburn . the doctor said it was fibrosis and I should go back after 6 months I never went back , but recently my one breast appears to me noticeably bigger than the other but the breast that is bigger is not the one with the lump should I be worried", "title": "Question: I have fibrosis, one breast is much bigger than the other\u2026normal?"}
{"text": "this showed up about 4 months ago. there was no injury previously and it is not healing.what is i", "title": "Question: Strange thing appeared on my skin"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 24 years old female. The oily business first began during my last pregnancy. Since late July my hair started becoming so oily it broke my face out. Never have I had black heads or oil zits. My hair has always been described as the prefect hair and I never blow dry it. Since Aug. my hair would get the oily grease look less than 12 hrs since last wash. Now my face stays broke out with small black head, white filled zits that look like bumps, oily filled zits, sometimes yellowish pimples. This covers my scalp line, forehead, nose, and chin the most and a scattered few on my cheeks and side of my face. For my hair I\u2019ve tried different shampoos, cold showers, rinsing my hair back to front, no condisher, baking soda in a paste with water, blow drying, hair products, baby powder, corn starch, brushing once, and keeping my hands out of it. Most recent I mixed Epsom salt with my shampoo and washed twice getting my scalp good rinse with cold water. That alone didn\u2019t work after a week so I continued that and a pea size amount of conditioner rinse with vinegar. Now I can got 24 hours before the oil starts to return.  For my face I\u2019ve tried different face washes, eggs Mask, and the clear peel mask. I wash my face 3/4 times a day. Not touching my face, ice cubes, no make up, and honey mask. Nothing works. I drink a cup of coffee, tea, and lots of water. My meals haven\u2019t change menu. I cook everything I out we don\u2019t do fast food but maybe once a month. I don\u2019t drink or smoke either. It\u2019s also not hormone or stress related cause nothing has changed in those departments either. Medical history:\nTwo pregnancies Jan/2009 & Sept/2014\nTubal legation Nov/2014\nAnemia\nADH", "title": "Question: Face filled with small black head, white filled zits , oily filled zits, sometimes yellowish\u2026tried everything"}
{"text": "I\u2019m having a sharp stabbing pain on my right side, I am a smoker but believe this is unrelated. It\u2019s almost the same feeling after running a mile or two& can\u2019t catch your breath! Been coming and going a couple weeks but pretty constant! My period has also been extremely irregular & ongoing for appx.20days I don\u2019t know if it\u2019s related, but need help", "title": "Question: Sharp stabbing pain on my right side\u2026I am a smoker"}
{"text": "Hello. I need help. Pain inflammation swelling and some tingling numbness. Looks pretty bad too.", "title": "Question:  Pain inflammation swelling\u2026Looks pretty bad too"}
{"text": "Please, I have a strange fever. I have done lots of tests (including HIV) but they came out negative.\nI usually experience high body temperature between 9am to 4pm every day for the past 3 months now and my palms are warm.\nCoupled with low appetite, frequent headaches and lack of energy. Whenever I take Swedish bitters(a herbal syrup)  I feel a lot better but it comes back after some hours( the feeling above)\nPlease kindly hel", "title": "Question: I have a strange fever\u2026tests negative \u2026help"}
{"text": "My 3 yr old son has been waking up with this rash occasionally after taking naps. The rash is not raised but instead appears to look like small specks of blood under the skin?? He does not have any allergies that we know of and the rash appears sporadically, although he sleeps in the same place regularly. It will normally disappear within a day or two after first appearance. Any idea what could be causing this? Thank you!", "title": "Question: 3 yr old son has small specks of blood on face after napping"}
{"text": "for the last few days I have abdominal discomfort. My lower stomach is swollen, and quite hard. I have an upset stomach most mornings when going to the toilet. I have achy legs and my lower pain is unfortable. I am on the pill and have recently had a withdrawal bleed so I assuming I am not pregnant but I have read you can still have a withdrawal bleed and still be pregnant? My breast are not sore but they are swollen and my nipples are larger than they usually are. Can you please help me as I am worried his could be potentially something a lot more serious if I don\u2019t get advice now. Thank yo", "title": "Question: Lower stomach is swollen, and quite hard, breasts swollen \u2013 is it serious?"}
{"text": "how to remove these transparent fluid from my eye,\u2026and what is it ? please help.", "title": "Question: I have fluids in my eyes\u2026what is it \u2026please help"}
{"text": "My wife is pregnant about 20 weeks 6 days she have done several scans and they realize the unborn child is having a small hole in heart.Please I want to find out if the baby is born and the surgery is perform on her will she have any physical challengers and also will she be able to live normal as every women being.What are the chances of her living right just like any one else.Thank yo", "title": "Question: Unborn child has hole in heart, will she survive, will she have a normal life"}
{"text": "Hello. This is regarding my coccyx. I had an accident 18 years ago where I broke my tailbone when I was 13. Unfortunately, my parents didn\u2019t believe me when I complained of the pain, so it went untreated for about a year before I was finally examined as I was not able to sit for more than 10 minutes at a time. When I was examined, the doctor found evidence of my coccyx being broken and a lot of scar tissue. I was told that if it had been treated immediately after the break, I would be in much better shape. They told me that the pain would diminish as time went on, and it did. But it wasn\u2019t until recently after losing over 100 lbs did I realized that the pain was minimal due to fat cushioning my tailbone. For the last two months, I\u2019ve been in a lot of pain while sitting and sometimes lying down on my back. I have to sit on cushions or sleep on my side as a result. Otherwise, I get sharp, stabbing pain, or my lower back will seize up and I\u2019m unable to move from a sitting position until I push against chair arms or a table in front of me to pull myself up. I also feel like my lower back is overcompensating and it has become very sore and feels weak. I take about 500mg of paracetomal a day, but the pain doesn\u2019t abate.\nIs the pain still from scar tissue? What kind of treatments should I ask for from my GP? Do I need physiotherapy? Is there anything I should know before seeking treatment", "title": "Question: Lost 100 lbs, coccyx broken, unable to move"}
{"text": "My daughter(13 year) been affected with viral conjunctivitis on both eyes about 3 weeks back and cured now.\nShe was on antibiotics and steroid eye drops to cure the same as prescribed by her Dr. Now she is has blurry vision on left eye and her doctor identified some black dots in the corona\u2026Just wondering if this is curable and what are the best medicines she can use without any side effects. .\nTks in advance", "title": "Question: My daughter has blurry vision and some black dots in the corona"}
{"text": "Female child aged 12 years old; wakes up in the morning very tired, annoyed and can\u2019t refrain from  thinking; watches a lot of crosses and tries to give a desire for each of them but they are too many. and this makes her very desperate. At school she stays apart from her friends and can\u2019t concentrate. even when walks she looks in an  indefinite direction and is afraid to go to school alone. She is a excellent child at school but recently she has fallen in lessons. She can only speak openly to her mum and is very sensitive so she cried a lot when told her mother but then she felt released", "title": "Question: 12 year old girl, can\u2019t concentrate, feels desperate, speaks only to mom."}
{"text": "Dear sir ! I am 21 year old male .\nI am suffering phimosis .\nSo my questions are the following;\n1)Is phimosis affect on sperm?\n2)Can I become a father in future?\n3)Why is circumcision necessary", "title": "Question: I have phimosis, is circumcision necessary"}
{"text": "my name is \u2026 aged 29 Years, Unmarried. I am suffering with congenital myopathy for the past 10 years. Recently my muscle biopsy confirmed it.  I came to know that there is no cure for this Disease.  Someone suggest Corticosteroids for strengthening of muscles.  Shall I use it.  And what are the side effects.  please suggest me", "title": "Question: Suffering with congenital myopathy -no cure -should I use Corticosteroids"}
{"text": "I am on path to kidney failure, still not on dialysis. My Uric acid level is 6.1 mg/DL and critinine 1.4 mg/DL. Sugar patient also under control with insulin. Had injuplasty 5 years back, two stunts installed. Taking Nitromint, Easyday, Lipigit, Escort and Cordrone. For kidney treatment I am on Lophos and Bondol 0.5 mg. Please suggest, if there is some better treatment for me. Thank", "title": "Question: I am on path to kidney failure is there some better treatment"}
{"text": "I get palpitations every once in awhile with dizziness. I\u2019ve had ekgs ran twice in the past year. One of those times was 4 days in the hospital with rhabdomyolisis. I\u2019ve had 2 ct with no signs of a heart problem. I get real bad acid reflux and throw my food up sometimes to feel better and it lets out a lot of air. Just worried the sharp pain in my chest could be something worse. My breast bones are sore a lot but I can handle intense exercise without problems", "title": "Question: My acid reflux is so bad I need to throw up to feel better"}
{"text": "My father has undergone angiography today. The doctor told that he has blockage varying between 80-90\u2105 . Doctor suggested for by pass surgery.\nWe want to go for a second opinion.\nCan we again perform angiography after 2 days", "title": "Question: My father has had angiography today \u2013 80%-90% blockage \u2013 another angiography? or bypass surgery."}
{"text": "16 yrs old- Why do my joints always ache, shoot pain and click? Desperate, it\u2019s ruining my life. Please please please help xxSymptoms only present from October 2015 onwards. worst in left ankle, hands (right worse than left), wrists, little finger on right hand, and jaw.\nNotes- i\u2019m right handed and have insomnia.Hi, i\u2019m a 16 yr old female and currently doing my a levels. I\u2019ve always been very sporty -athletics (100m, 200m, hurdles, long jump, high jump and javelin), skiing, snow boarding, swimming, badminton, dance, gymnastics and cheerleading.\nI\u2019ve had a few injuries, but no really significant ones -two mild ankle sprains, and one serious ankle sprain (left ankle, 4 yrs ago, 3 yrs ago, and last summer), one mild ankle sprain (right ankle, 3 yrs ago), one mild wrist sprain (right wrist, 2 yrs ago) and the dislocation of my left knee skiing 6 yrs ago.\nThe pain came on suddenly last October. One morning I woke up and I was stiff and achy all over, I assumed that it was just due to sleeping awkwardly, however over the next few days the aching did not go away, it slightly lessened, but shooting pains began, whenever I move my left ankle or either of my hands sharp shooting pains spread up my leg or arms. Literally all my joints click when I move them, often causing intense pain (this is including my jaw). I used to go to the gym at least 4 times a week, now I\u2019m struggling to go to the gym once a week because of the pain that continues constantly for the next few days.It\u2019s really beginning to interfere with my everyday life, literally walking and talking hurts. I\u2019m only 16 so i\u2019m getting really really desperate for a cure, any ideas and/or advice would mean the world to me, thank you.Note- I have insomnia too, so any ideas for that would also be greatly appreciated.\nI\u2019m right handed- lead with left hand in gymnastics-, very arty and into textiles.Thank you so so much, love (\u2026) xxAllergies- Elastoplast and Erythromyci", "title": "Question: 16 year old girl \u2013 joints always ache, shoot pain and click it\u2019s ruining my life"}
{"text": "I am uncircumcised, healthy 40 year old man.\nWas in a wet suit all day on July 16th, a couple weeks later developed yeast infection, which I treated topically using Modistat. Went away for a week or so, but return with a vengeance. Continued applying ointment for over a week, which cause my penis head to become quite numb, so I stopped using it and resorted to using the home remedy of applying yogurt and eating yogurt, this has been another week now and I still seem to have it. What should I do", "title": "Question: I have yeast infection\u2026.came back with a vengeance."}
{"text": "Hi I wanted to ask a question that I have been having anxiety over. I\u2019m 28/female and have swollen lymph nodes in my axilla and shotty lymph nodes in my groin. My cbc has come back normal and my sed rate is a 2. My ultrasound has come back normal with 1.9 lymph node being the largest. My hematologist thought this was still big for being normal and sent me for a ct scan next week and a lot of new blood work that I just received the results on. She ordered an hiv test which sort of scared me because I\u2019ve only had sex with two\nguys. My HIV test has come back NONREACT. I\u2019ve been single for the past 2 years and haven\u2019t had sex so there is no chance that I took it too soon after an exposure. The rest of my blood work is giving me anxiety though.FLOW CYTOMETRY REPORTSPECIMEN: A-PERIPHERAL BLOOD\nDIAGNOSIS:\nPERIPHERAL BLOOD, FLOW CYTOMETRIC\nANALYSIS:\n\u2013 NO PHENOTYPICALLY ABNORMAL\nLYMPHOCYTE POPULATIONS IDENTIFIED.\n\u2013 SEE COMMENT.\nCOMMENT:\nThe peripheral blood sample is prepared for six-color\nanalysis with\ngood yield and viability. The lymphocyte gate has 20%\nof events,\nand has a heterogeneous mixture of B, T, and NK\ncells. There is no\nevidence for B-cell monotypia, aberrant antigen\ncoexpression, or\nantigen loss to suggest a malignant lymphoid process.\nThe T helper\nto T suppressor ratio is normal. There is no increase in\nCD34-\npositive cells.\nNote that flow cytometry may not detect small\nnumbers of malignant\ncells, and that demonstration of some post-thymic Tcell\nneoplasms\nmay require molecular diagnosis. Additionally, a\nnormal study does\nnot exclude myeloproliferative or myelodysplastic\ndisorders.\nGROSS:\nReceived is one lavender top tube of blood labeled\n\u201c\u2026..\u201d\nMICROSCOPIC:\nThe peripheral blood smear shows small round\nlymphocytes. Blasts\nare absent.\nCOMPLETE BLOOD COUNT:\nWBC: 6.0 k/cmm\nHemoglobin: 14.4 g/dL\nPlatelets: 201 k/cmm\nAbs. Neutrophils: 4.116 k/cmm\nAbs. Lymphocytes: 1.518 k/cmm\nRESULTS\nFLOW CYTOMETRY LEUKEMIA/LYMPHOMA\nPANEL\nViability: 97%\nCell yield: Adequate.\nMARKER GATE\nLYMPH\n20%\nCD45 Intensity Bright\nCD19 B-Cells 9\nCD20 B-Cells 7\nHLA-DR 11\nCD10 1\nCD5/CD19 1\nCD23/CD19 0\nCD11c/CD19 1\nCD56 8\nSurface Lambda/CD19 4\nCD3 T-Cells 84\nCD7 T-Cells 72\nCD5 T-Cells 83\nCD2 T-Cells 91\nCD4 54\nCD8 29\nCD34 0\nCD33 1\nCD38 28\nCD117 0\nCD13 1\nCD64 1If you look at the last few ones my cd4 says 54. Is this test an actual count of the cd4. A count like that would mean full blown aids. Thank you for taking the time to read my question. I would appreciate all of the hel", "title": "Question: Do I have HIV \u2026Aids\u2026my blood results scare me."}
{"text": "Had gallbladder removed 4 years ago. All tests prior to surgery showed nothing but final diagnosis was Chronic Cholecystitis.\nIt was adhesed to intestines and duodenum.\nAfter surgery I seemed to do ok for a while but then the nagging rib and mid back pain started up again. Felt like I still had gallbladder.\nFinally this year I got the surgeons report from surgery and noted an introperative cholangiogram was done.\nIt says the surgeon had difficulty getting the dye in and made 3 attempts and noted a filling defect was seen in the mid common bile duct. I was never told this. The radiology report also makes not of the filling defect.\nMy question is\nIs it possible to have a stone stay in the duct for this long?\nIs the cholangiongram considered abnormal?\nWouldn\u2019t I be jaundiced if this was causing the pain? I read about Sphincter of Oddi and wondered if that could cause this but I don\u2019t vomit so I\u2019m not sure.\nI also woneed if it is a bile duct injury that could cause this pain. It\u2019s like havin a constant stich in your side and it radiates to my back and makes my back hurt and it hurts to mov", "title": "Question: Had gallbladder surgery \u2013 Feel I still have it \u2013 Surgeon says encountered problems\u2026"}
{"text": "In my 15 th day of menstrual cycle, follow up of follicular study states that \u201d PARTIALLY RUPTURED IRREGULAR FOLLICLE size 19mms\u201d AND tha comment of radiologist is free fluid in POD . My question is can I get pregnancy during this cycle", "title": "Question: 15th day of menstrual cycle \u2013 PARTIALLY RUPTURED IRREGULAR FOLLICLE \u2013 can I get pregnant"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been getting a shooting pain from my heart area to my neck behind the ear across my shoulder and into my arm upto the elbow sometimes feels like it originates from under the shoulder blade aswell.its like the pain travels through veins as there direct in a line sort of usually quick and sharp takes my breath away but there is a lingering ache in shoulder arm and neck which is more uncomfy then anything else. Thanks In advance for any help. I have been diagnosed with anxiet", "title": "Question: Shooting pain from my heart area to my neck behind the ear across my shoulder"}
{"text": "My 12 year old boy was recently diagnosed with mild Pectus Excavatum. He\u2019s having NO symptoms or difficulties. About a month prior to the diagnosis we had bought a brace for his posture. It\u2019s worn similar to a backpack with a strap around the ribs. My question is..should we continue to have him wear the brace, and if so how often/long? We want to still help his posture if we can but don\u2019t want to make the PE worse. His posture is definitely not the best but we wonder now if it\u2019s not as bad as we thought but the PE is making it look worse", "title": "Question: My 12 year old boy has Pectus Excavatum\u2026should he continue wearing posture brace?"}
{"text": "hello i am 13 yrs. old and i have swollen lymph nodes a headache and a fever of 102 and my ears ring sometimes or my neck is stiff that or my lymph nodes are swollen and my throat is sor", "title": "Question: I am 13 yrs. old I have swollen lymph nodes a headache, fever of 102 and my ears ring"}
{"text": "my back I have cervical stenosis I have ruptured discs , arneal tears. And many more problems with the lumbar .doctor say I\u2019m too young to get surgery and that it would just keep going down and down the disk I\u2019m 29 .   and getting epidural s in my lumbar twice no relief and I get really really bad after I take tramadol neurontinon I have nerve pain I have such bad lower back pain that I can\u2019t Walk or live a regular life. When I do basic things even small things my back will be out and I will have to go to the hospital and get shots do u have any advice pleas", "title": "Question: I have cervical stenosis and ruptured discs need epidural \u2013 doctor says too young for surgery"}
{"text": "Sudden onset of frequent urination literally every 15 to 20 min and after about 7 hrs of this and having to use one of my mothers diapers I notice there is a pink tent on the diaper this is with no pain. I normally keep myself well hydrated by drinking 8 to ten glades of water a day but for the past few days have needed almost double that amount for unknown reason unless it is the  sinus dds I have had to take for the last several weeks terrible sinus drainage to the point of having to sit up to sleep or drown!!all over counter meds as I do not like prescription meds what can e causing this?", "title": "Question: I need to urinate every 15 minutes\u2026now using my mother\u2019s diaper"}
{"text": "My GP just scared the life out of me. She has said that if the tiny moveable lump above collar bone doesn\u2019t go in two weeks I have to have a test for lymphoma. I have been off with flu and a tummy bug recently but they\u2019re solved quickly.  Recent mammogram for lumps in breast all clear and FBC and thyroid checked in march and all normal", "title": "Question: My doctor just scared the life out of me!"}
{"text": "I have a severe pain in my calf. Feels like a really bad charlie horse but more intense. Started a couple weeks ago as a small uncomfortable pain. It is now to the point where it hurts to walk and hurts to touch. It is swollen about twice the size of my other calf. And it is not hot or warm to the touch", "title": "Question: My calf is twice the size of my other calf with severe pain"}
{"text": "hi I am a boy.I am 17 years old.4 years ago one day I was playing cricket and suddenly the ball hit my penis & testes and I got very pain.after this occurrence sometimes I feel so much pain in my left testes that I can not even move my leg or can not walk  when I am sleeping or sitting long time wearing cover pants.is it a problem? what can I do", "title": "Question: Cricket ball hits testicle, had pain for 4 years now, can\u2019t move my leg."}
{"text": "Hi, I\u2019m (\u2026), 17 yrs old. I\u2019ve got a scraped knee last september 8, 2016 and until now I don\u2019t know if my wound is healing. Can you please help me", "title": "Question: I don\u2019t know if my wound is healing."}
{"text": "Doctor, I have eaten raw tomato. After almost at end I realized that there were white small worms on the seeds and inside the tomato. I don\u2019t know whether those white worms went inside my stomach? Those were larvae . what to do to get them out of my stomach now? Are they dangerous? What should I do to get them out from my stomach? Is there any risk? Can it be out naturally of do I have to consult doctor? What are the chances of its multiplication/enhancement ? What should I eat or avoid eating till they are out of stomach? How will I know if they are out? Pls Pls guide me, I am too tensed about it", "title": "Question: I ate rotten tomato \u2013 small white worms now inside me \u2013 how to get them out?"}
{"text": "Hi im 24 year old and I\u2019m pregnant I have a weak heart I feel normal but I\u2019m scared can you plz help m", "title": "Question: I am pregnant but I have a weak heart\u2026I\u2019m scared"}
{"text": "I\u2019m struggling with my weight at the moment and it\u2019s really bringing me down. I always have battled with it and as a result I\u2019m a yo-yo dieter. I currently weigh 11 stone 10 pounds ( recently gone down from 12 stone 5 pounds) but nothing seems to be shifting despite my diet. I am 21 years old and 5 ft 3 so BMI wise this is quite high. I am on weightwatchers and have been for nearly a month and progress now has stopped. I have to live daily on not a lot really and if I have a chocolate craving I have to eat a Yorkie bar in place of a meal which to me just isn\u2019t fair. I\u2019m sick of all this substituting and dieting and was wondering if there\u2019s anything else I can try. I\u2019ll be the first to admit I\u2019m not very active but I have personal reasons for that.I appreciate your help", "title": "Question: I\u2019m on Weightwatchers- eat not a lot really \u2013 I\u2019m sick of all this substituting what can I try?"}
{"text": "hi im 31 years old i not sure if im pregnant i took urine test thats came negative  a couple took are from dollar store 1 i took today was a u check from the dollar store  and on august the 8 took a clear blue test digtial  came negative on 10th took another clear blue negative  still havent got my period my period doesnt come regular so not sure but in july period was july 8   and  last period was August 5 to august 11    was i even ovualting? back to this part  ok had sex august 14  start spotting august 19 a bit pink more red light with a bit brown 1 time i wipe was a chuck of red blood but just one time not even sure if i was ovulating  still no period and its september 14 today again period is not regula", "title": "Question: Am I pregnant \u2026. no period"}
{"text": "My daughter was taking 110 mg of methadone for @ 6 weeks, decided to cold turkey detox.  She is only day 7 and experiencing severe restless leg syndrome and insomnia.  Is there anything she can take otc to help with either", "title": "Question: My daughter is on methadone cold turkey, suffering severe reactions\u2026"}
{"text": "I am having extreme knee pain. A few weeks ago I knew I had Osgood Sclatters, but now it is wide spread pain all over my knee, and my knee is now locking out.  I am a competitive gymnast, and also have had problems with fatigue and loss of appetite   What does this sound like", "title": "Question: I am a competitive gymnast with Osgood Sclatters Disease \u2013 it\u2019s spreading"}
{"text": "I am experiencing post menopausal bleeding and I went to the gyn dr. today.  Why was I prescribed megestrol acetate although I was not told I have cancer.  I am really confused", "title": "Question: I\u2019ve been prescribed megestrol (cancer drug) but don\u2019t have cancer \u2013 I\u2019m confused!"}
{"text": "Three years ago I dislocated my patella and did not do physical therapy as recommended. Will that affect me now or in the future? I plan on joining the military in the future and was wondering if it would affect tha", "title": "Question: I dislocated my patella and did not do physical therapy as recommended"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having pains on my low right abdomen for 3 days. it hurts more when I\u2019m about to release gas, when I\u2019m walking feels like my abdomen is being torn. when I sit I feel more pressure on it, have to sit with my left side to feel less pain. I also get pain when I\u2019m lying down and breathing \u2026 what can it be", "title": "Question: Pain lower right abdomen, feels like being torn, pain when breathing what can it be?"}
{"text": "My name is Kristi, I\u2019m a 31 yr old female, pretty good health, weigh 140lbs.  And I\u2019ve been getting really bad charley horse cramps last couple of months.  I was taking a potassium tablet a day which was just barely helping.  I\u2019ve probably stopped taking them for 2 weeks now and things are getting worse.  Muscles lock up, one of my toes will involuntarily twitch or get locked up nearly sideways.  Last night my ankle on my right leg got locked up twisted sideways (it twisted that way itself, I couldn\u2019t move my foot) with a little cramping in my calf while my second to big toe on my left foot twitched away.  All at the same time.  Seemed more  like some kind of seizure than charley horse cramps.  My boyfriend was able to straighten my foot & ankle while massaging it but as soon as he\u2019d let go it would go back to twisted.  Lasted about 5 minutes.  Hours later I was woken in the night by a charley horse in my left calf that still leaves my calf muscle tight & sore.  Hard to walk since it happened.  Should I be worried this is more than low potassium?  And how much potassium should I be taking daily", "title": "Question: Is it a really bad charley horse cramp or dangerous seizure?"}
{"text": "Hi. When I am going to sleep and my head touch the pillow with me looking at the ceiling violent spasms starts to happen in my head.  They become less severe if I turn to left or If I sleep with my face looking at the pillow. Is there anything that can do this?  Should I do any exam? Thank you very much", "title": "Question: Violent spasms in my head when going to sleep"}
{"text": "Hello , my boyfriend and I had sex last night and about halfway through I started bleeding. This hasnt been our first time having sex but it is the first time that situation has ever occurred. I was wondering what could have caused this random situation", "title": "Question: I started bleeding during intercourse\u2026why?"}
{"text": "Should i be concered my mother age 57 recently diagnosed with Invasive ductal carcinoma. Mastectomy stage 1 grade 3. I noticed this mark on my Rt breast over a week ago started as a red flat dot then a few days (and got worse). Worried about IBC. However i have never had eczema before. I do recall a period of two days my nipple was sore and crusty yellow for a few days and cleared up however no issues since. Must be a local skin irritation right. this isn\u2019t usual presentation for IBC is it? Probably just my mom hx and location that has me thinking", "title": "Question: My mother diagnosed with Invasive ductal carcinoma, now I have mark on breast?"}
{"text": "Hello , I\u2019ve been getting these pains for a while now they are very consistent and they\u2019re shooting pains in my back at the bottom which then needs to shooting pain sensations then I get pains in the side where my back is killing and my whole left side just gets in so much pain I\u2019ve been to the doctors and they couldn\u2019t diagnose me with anything they\u2019ve never heard of it", "title": "Question: Shooting pains in my back, side, bottom \u2013 doctors say they don\u2019t know"}
{"text": "My mother is weak, whenever she eats, she vomits, She got dehydration symptoms?? Confusion and slow speech or response? She hasnt urinated in more than 12hrs. What can i give her??We went to hospital few days ago and they few meds but she is not better", "title": "Question: My mother is weak \u2013 confusion and slow speech What can i give her?"}
{"text": "I have 4 tumors(have not been biopsied) in my groin and have had multiple cyst in the neck but have developed a large hard mass in the back of my neck that is causing a lot of pain and I know it\u2019s not a cyst or just swelling, it feels a lot like my other tumors. is it a sign of lymphoma", "title": "Question: Large hard mass in the back of my neck is it a sign of lymphoma"}
{"text": "I am a 33years old man live in japan for 4years but from my native country Srilanka.since my childhood  I was a deep thinker about anything comes to my mind without controlling and had a habit of giving up things for long time . I was a born artist had many talents on it but i gave up my artistic skills at age 16 and wanted to become an  inventor in technical side such as mechanical and electronics . But even though i had so many ideas couldn\u2019t finish any those  ideas practically  . I felt so lazy to work hard .at age 24 i felt something wrong in me .i became a failure of every workplace i worked . Things happened at each work places like lack of understanding the work,sleepy,feel like my mind and brain are stuck lost no confidence ,shy ness ,lack of talking ability to even to my own friends .as a result of it i got insulted and laugh  buy coworkers  then i stop jobs and even its not i fed up with doing  jobs under some one  .my father was big business man at his time but died when i was 1and half years baby . When i grew up all i wanted to do is become a business man like my father . In my life i am not only  unsuccessful in my work places also i am a failure at my own home . I dont do any thing at home just sleep all day thinking and masturbating .As a result of my failure i was looking for medical advises from doctors .then i got medicated and cured some of my debilitates such as understanding job and sleepiness  . Doctors say i have ADHD . I feel now i am cured but still have giving up mentality . I started a new job after one year with so much courage and hopes and got learn the job very fast but after one week i fell so lazy to go to my new job. I have lost the courage again .May i know doctor whats is exactly going on me . Do i have to get medicine ?i still want to be a rich man . I want to work hard to win my goal . I don\u2019t want to think any thing until i win .but have no courage . Now i have confidence to do anything but my mind get tired easily then feel like giving up again an again .thank you looking foreword to get a repl", "title": "Question: Doctors say I have Attention Deficit Disorder\u2026.all I want to do is give up"}
{"text": "I am a man who had several sexual intercourses with several persons of both gender. I\u2019ve recently been tested and I\u2019m don\u2019t have HIV, but I\u2019ve herpes which have disappeared from my skin now.\nI feel that I\u2019m on the deadline of my sexual health and I don\u2019t want to take any risk anymore.\nI want to have kids with my wife.\nMy question is :\nIs IVF the only solution i have & is there a possibility to transmit herpes to my children through IVF", "title": "Question: Had intercourse with both genders, will I transmit herpes to my kids?"}
{"text": "I went to my GP a week ago and he found a lump in my throat, I was sent for a Ultra sound and they found a 1.7Cm X 1.2Cm speculated mass just below the anterior belly of the digastric muscle, I have been sent for a FNA biopsy and blood test the blood test are showing a ESR of 29 and a C-reactive protein of 17. But still awaiting the results for the FNA, My GP advised that he suspects hodgkin\u2019s lymphoma. I am just wondering if there is any way it cant be?", "title": "Question: Ultra sound shows hodgkin\u2019s lymphoma\u2026is it true?"}
{"text": "For the past week or so I have been feeling quite uncomfortable. My belly is kind of \u201caching\u201d. There\u2019s no better word I have found to describe it. It gets pretty intense sometimes. I\u2019ve been either constantly starving or feeling so nauseous that even the thought of food makes me want to vomit a little bit. I\u2019ve been praying for answers but getting nothing. I\u2019m sure I\u2019m overthinking, and everything will be fine, but it is actually distracting me from things that I would normally put my all into. At work I can barely focus, I can\u2019t sleep like I should. Another thing, I have been waking up at very early hours of the morning, and can NOT go back to sleep to save my life. I get so darn tired but I can\u2019t sleep. I usually can at bedtime but if I wake up, no matter how tired I am it\u2019s like my body is fighting to stay awake. What could it be", "title": "Question: Belly aching, Starving, Nauseous, Can\u2019t Sleep \u2013 What could it be?"}
{"text": "Hello. Im a 37 y/o male. I may have allergic contact derm on my face from years of facial products. (Wash and lotion) Its scales with no redness and extreme dryness after a rinse or shower. Its been chronic for 3 yrs. I stopped products a month ago. Its better but not gone. Scales are in my brows, around mouth facial hair, cheeks and eyelids. All where i used products. How long can it take to fully heal", "title": "Question: I may have allergic contact derm on my face from years of facial products."}
{"text": "Hi, so for about my whole life I have my body twitches. It started off with my veins twitching at random and it is painless then without any warning sometimes my lips would feel a beat which would last for two seconds or my legs jerks without warning or jaw. Also my head would also twitch and there is an increase of pressure in my head and it feels my head is full. Also I started feeling waves in my head and it would move it would move to the side I moved and sometimes i can fell it moving and its spread to my neck and I am only 1", "title": "Question: I\u2019m 15 I have my body twitches started feeling waves in my head"}
{"text": "I have a bad taste in my mouth going on a month and a half now my primary doctor doesn\u2019t really know what\u2019s causing it what\u2019s my next ste", "title": "Question: Bad taste in my mouth for a month and a half now"}
{"text": "So I\u2019m a 31 yr old female ,\nI have been getting continuous blood tests done and my ASO titre is sitting at 800 . swelling in my joints if i sit for periods of more then 1.5 hours at a time , I had a high lymphocyte count which has finally gone down to normal , it took around 3 months to do so .. i have been referred to a rheumatologist , im unsure what is going on can some one please explain to me , as im feeling anxious and confused , also waiting on my thyroid app as i have multinoduler goiter and also breast lumps that have recently been told they were benign  but one has grown a little , not sure if that has anything to do wth my high blood tests", "title": "Question: Swelling in my joints\u2026. I\u2019m unsure what is going on"}
{"text": "Hi i am a professional nurse who works at a clinic.on Friday i drew blood from a few hiv positive patients with gloves on.i know for a fact i did not prick myself as i did not touch used needles,my concern is on Saturday evening i felt like i was pricked by a needle like a bruising feeling and there is a light skin dot not even a pin prick mark but the sensation is that of a needle..is it possible i could have pricked myself at the sharps container amd not feel it?what is my risk of acquiring Hiv\nHi there", "title": "Question: I\u2019m a Nurse I may have pricked myself with a HIV needle"}
{"text": "Dear Doc, I had an evacuation after baby stopped growing. pls i wanted an explanation to the result of the histology done.Nature of specimen : product of evacuation for missed abortion. Clinical summary / Diagnosis: Missed abortion of prime cyesisMACROSCOPY: specimen consists of an irregularly shaped, haemorrhagic soft tissue altogether measuring 3x2x2cm. Processed whole. MICROSCOPY: Histologic sections of tissue show endometrial stroma containing scanty endometrial glands. Elsewhere are fibrocollagenous connective tissue and evidence of recent haemorrhage. No decidua is seen. No chronic villi are seen", "title": "Question: I had an evacuation after baby stopped growing"}
{"text": "i have had a bunch of tests done and i would like your opinion on some thing i have cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2, i have 3 lesions cervix they are high grade squamous intraepiththelial, i have amenorrhea, abnormal cytoloy findings, i have a 12.80 neutrophil count blood,10.6 lymohocytees as percent of blood leukocytes, 83.8 neutophilas as a percent of blood leukocytes, 15.27 leukocyte count blood, 14.9 red blood cell distribution width,37.5 hematocrit blood, 3.1 albumin serum, +1 urate crystals, amorphous, semiquantative, and a 253 alkaline phosphate serum I am worried about cancer and was wondering if these are the factors for it or if i may already have i", "title": "Question: Do my test results show I have cancer?"}
{"text": "Hello my name is \u2026 I needed a second opinion I got in a car accident a little over a year ago and had a plate and screws put in my forearm I\u2019m a very active person that loves lifting weights. I\u2019m really considering getting it removed because I do get discomfort when I workout now and i get a stiff aching pain in my arm. My doctor said he would remove it just told me there is a risk of re fracture and numbness . Could you give me any advice", "title": "Question:  Want to remove plate and screws in my arm \u2026 need 2nd opinion"}
{"text": "86-year-old black woman has swollen left foot and a swollen right hand and her right bicep is swollen the size of a soft. Ball what should I do or what could cause thi", "title": "Question: 86-year-old black woman \u2013 has right bicep  swollen the size of a soft ball"}
{"text": "I am a 34 year old female; In May 2016 my lymphocyte number was 41, Today, September 2016 the number is 22, the complete lymphocyte went from 4.2 May to 2.5 September\u2026I have been having some symptoms, which is the reason I\u2019ve had blood tests done. I\u2019ve had pain in my joints, deep ear pain (no ear infection) headaches, extreme constant tiredness, excessive very thick mucous, daily nausea, stomach problems. I\u2019ve lost 28lbs in 3 months without trying. I have pins and needles feelings in my hands,lips and legs and a tired feeling in my chest (heart). I\u2019ve had swelling at the base of my neck for about 5 months but ultrasound/chest X-ray negative. ANA was negative SED was elevated. Also have slightly elevated WBC, MPV and MCV. Also platelets went from 340 in May to 407 in September. I\u2019m the interest of ruling out whatever possible I\u2019ve tested for Lyme Disease, Rhuematoid Arthritis and HIV and all have been ruled out.  Although in the normal range are the changes in lymphocytes and platelets concerning", "title": "Question: Lost 28 lbs in 3 months ..are the changes in lymphocytes and platelets concerning?"}
{"text": "I had a 205 heart 2 weeks ago after drinking I had a 205 heart 2 weeks ago after drinking 3 cans of energy over the course of a morning but now it\u2019s left me worried! I have so much pain under my left breast and awful pain in the middle of my chest front and back! Also heart palpitations! What can it be? over the course of a morning but now it\u2019s left me worried! I have so much pain under my left breast and awful pain in the middle of my chest front and back! Also heart palpitations! What can it be", "title": "Question: I had 3 energy drinks .. .205 heart \u2026pain under my breast and awful pain in chest"}
{"text": "Right so got a quick question my little boy now 13 weeks hasn\u2019t been a very happy baby from about 1/2 weeks old. Very sick always screaming in pain either constipated or diarrhea so tried everything for colic nothing worked then got prescribed ranitidine for re flux didn\u2019t help then got prescribed gaviscon on top of that still no joy. So then changed to aptamil anti reflux stopped the sickness but no joy with the fussiness and pain also caused him to be very constipated causing hard stools with blood. Today we went back to the doctors and was prescribed nutramagine with lgg for cows milk allergy . First bottle was fabulous hardly any sick and actually went of to sleep on his own no rocking bouncing screaming nothing. Well second bottle didn\u2019t go so great I am literally smothered in sick probably the most sick he is ever been just feel completely lost with what to do ?", "title": "Question: My little boy always constipated or diarrhea \u2013 feel completely lost with what to do?"}
{"text": "My question is in May of this year I had a kidney stone and with the cat scan it showed where it was. Also  There is an additional\ncalculus in the midpole of the left kidney measuring approximately 5.2 mm. The past two weeks a few times I have had back ache. Saturday I got up with back ache in the flank area and mid point. Sunday night  taking a deep breath hurt around my ribs. I do get pressure in bladder area once in awhile also. Today my ribs do not hurt as bad. But I still have the pain around flank area.  Most of the pain is left side to mid point in back,\nDO you think it might be that stone moving in the kidney", "title": "Question: I had a kidney stone removed is there a stone still moving in kidney"}
{"text": "I am 52 going into menopause. I get this feeling of being disjointed, edgy and drugged without being on drugs. My hands and feet get itchy and my skin is dry after the episode. My breasts get sore for weeks and my period is becoming intermittent. My uterus gets sore and sex becomes painful close to my period. I take vitamins and headache tablets with codeine for headaches caused by injury. How do i get rid of this edgy, drugged feeling", "title": "Question: I am 52 going into menopause\u2026feel disjointed, edgy and drugged"}
{"text": "I was stung by a red wasp on Saturday 9/10. The foot is red, hot, swollen and painful up to my ankle. It has not gotten any better in 3 days. I have been taking benedryl and ibuprofen and applying ice to the foot. What should I do as it is not improving", "title": "Question: I was stung by a red wasp \u2013 it is not improving?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am a female-to-male transgender. When doing the peak flow test for asthma, should I look at the male chart or female chart? Should be female right", "title": "Question: I am a female-to-male transgender. Should I look at male or female asthma chart?"}
{"text": "had sex on the 29th of june, took plan B the next day, had my normal heavy period around two weeks later, a month after that i took a pregnancy test which came out as negative and i was on my period at the time. however the past couple of months the pulse in my stomach seems to have rises closer to top of my stomach and it\u2019s clearly visible, only gained one pound in six months but have felt constantly drained and just not well. my heartbeat has also become rather irregular and some times a lot stronger than normal. bloating has also become a big problem for me and have had horrid mood swings. around 3 weeks ago i had a depo shot and my period that was due after that hasn\u2019t arrived and i am ten days late. what is wrong with my body", "title": "Question: What is wrong with my body?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 37 weeks pregnant expected to give birth month end. is it okay to drink caster oil now to try and induce labor since my level of bile in the system is high and I have sore throat and fever", "title": "Question: 37 weeks pregnant is it okay to drink caster oil to induce labor"}
{"text": "Around my penis head and upper part of my shaft I have round dome shaped red bumps. They do not hurt, puss, ozz anything or itch at all. No during urination.  Ive been tested for herpies, and it was negative. They come and go, on and off for 3 years now, only lasting a few weeks at a time.  But this last time I have had them now for like 3 months straight and its getting worse. The go all around the lip of the head and some on the shaft", "title": "Question: Dome shaped red bumps on penis"}
{"text": "Sir I\u2019m suffering from nightfall from almost 2 years happening 8-10 times a month.I  am now on homeopathy medication since 5 months.But not so satisfactory result. now he prescribed for certain test and ultrasound.UTI (E coli)  with 100000 colony count /ml is  recently diagnosed and jaundice (bilirubin 2.20). Everything found normal except the above two.But before the test I always complained for frequent urination and urine dribbling.Sir I want to know can UTI such as E coli can cause excessive nightfall ie .(8-10) times in a month. As I have no other issue .Sir please reply.I\u2019m 24 years old male.wt 50 kg height 5\u201910", "title": "Question: Suffering from nocturnal emission\u2026on homeopathy medication"}
{"text": "Hi I am a otherwise healthy 58 year old male but I have had pain for over a year below my belly button, on both sides. If I stand for over 30 min or try to walk a block I am in pain , turn white and want to vomit. I have had MRI and CT scan that has found no problems there. I have a large kidney stone that is to large to pass and has to be dealt with. Could the stone be causing the pain? Thank yo", "title": "Question: Pain for over a year below my belly button, on both sides-want to vomit"}
{"text": "I had a hysterectomy a year ago.  I am currently bleeding about every 4 days. Sometimes small clotting & other times small amount of red liquid.  I\u2019m\nAlso feeling very tired on and off.  The only thing that was left was my Ovaries. Could I have a cyst", "title": "Question: I had hysterectomy a year ago.  I am bleeding about every 4 days."}
{"text": "My husband had a 24 hour holter that showed one 7 beat episode of VTach and some PVC\u2019s.  Echo came back normal as did blood work.  He is doing a 2 part nuclear stress test.  Last week he did the first part and it came back with some PVC\u2019s while on the treadmill.  Dr. said he did 115% of what they expect people to do which sounded like a good thing to me!  My husband is still getting a lot of PVC\u2019s everyday and although they only saw the one run of VTach, he is worried about the VTach turning into VFib and him dropping dead.  Should he be worried", "title": "Question: My husband is worried about dropping dead!"}
{"text": "Dr. I am 19 weeks pregnant. My TSH level is .002 and T4 level is 1.63. I am  afraid of these reports.does it affect my baby in the womb?? I am really  depressed.could u pls help me", "title": "Question: Doctor I am 19 weeks pregnant\u2026I am really  depressed"}
{"text": "Hi doctor, I have cigarette burn on my chest 6 months ago. I haven\u2019t checked it to doctor. I used savlon to clean the wound/burnt area to take off residues & also when blister is broken/rupture or when i see black color(residues i think) on the wound. Its healed now But i got a protusion/lump on the burnt area when its getting healed and Now its probably 2mm . How i can make it normal & same as my skin color. What treatments are available? How long will it take?", "title": "Question: Cigarette burns \u2013 won\u2019t go away."}
{"text": "Sir, I have small cyst in neural foramen and mecentric lymph node of 6.5mm size.so that I have pain in right side of the abdomen and near about the backbone.sometime small blood comes with last of the stool.sometime color of urine is yellow,feel always acidity and constipation.test done 1 year ago like:-CT SCAN,USG OF WHOLE ABDOMEN,MRI OF BACK BONE,WHOLE BLOOD TEST.result is as above mentioned I,e-cyst& & lymph node.blood test are normal.I have consulted neurologist,general physician,gastroenterologist & orthopedic doctors. But still problem is same as before. What I have to do?please advice me.thank you", "title": "Question: Cyst in neural foramen -consulted neurologist, general physician, gastroenterologist & orthopedic doctors \u2013 no solution?"}
{"text": "My four year old daughters has had this problem for about 2yrs.she gets covered in bites\n.legs mostly.very sore and itchy.we\u2019ve tried all sorts.it doesn\u2019t matter where she is.at home or grandma and away on holiday.people have send its an allergy to pets or food or drink.heatrash even in cold.she\u2019s had creams tablets etc.she taking like e hay fever pill now.and mum stopped blackcurrants drinks..she has a little bit of edema(Sox can\u2019t spell) and doesn\u2019t abuse bubble baths soaps etc..do you think its something she\u2019s eating? Should she go and see a skin specialist\u2026 We are at our Whits end.can you help. Thanks Jane\u2026if this is not free I amm afraid can\u2019t pay for your advic", "title": "Question: Four year old daughter  gets covered in bites\u2026doesn\u2019t matter where she is?"}
{"text": "Hi my husband has very swollen testicles and some pain. He had he\u2019s prostate tested and it was clear and he was tested for std\u2019s but he was clear. This has hapend before and it healed by it self after 6 weeks. He\u2019s now on werry strong antibiotics but doesn\u2019t seem toe help. The doctor he\u2019s seeing doesn\u2019t know what it could be so now he wants him to go for scan. (What is it?", "title": "Question: Swollen testicles..no prostate -no STDs . What is it?"}
{"text": "My daughter blood sugar level is 520. She hadn\u2019t been diagnosed with diabetes, what should I do", "title": "Question: My daughter\u2019s blood sugar level is 520 what should I do?"}
{"text": "Hello doc i have been smoking since 3 years which includes chars (weeds) which i quit 3 months ago and also i was doing snuff thing which i did for a year and 10 days ago i quit it i have experienced all the withdrawal symptoms and still I\u2019m ..my concern is that i have tachycardia while walking from 90-120 and it is 70-80 when I\u2019m at rest..but the main thing is that why my bp is risen to 160 /100 in morning and 130/70 at rest or nigh ..i did all cardiac tests everything is normal..sugar cholesterol tsh t4 all normal .really concerned why it is like this my bp am.i still.going thru withdrawals or what because i really don\u2019t want to use medication", "title": "Question: I am in withdrawal \u2013  I did all cardiac tests-all normal- bp high?"}
{"text": "I have pain in my right kidney and swollen and painful left testicl", "title": "Question: I have pain in my right kidney and swollen and painful left testicle"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 28 year old with chronic pain, cognitive changes such as severe memory issues, painful sensitive skin, I have to use a cane to get around, tremors, sensitivity to light and sound, involuntary movement ,loss of balance and as of recently eye issues which I need glasses now. I\u2019ve had many tests from being tested for Lupus, lime disease, gout, arthritis, xrays, mri, nerve conduction test. all came back ok. The doctors know there is something absolutely wrong. i\u2019ve been athletic and in good shape all my life until 6 years ago..now this is my life.\n everyone is stumped. Where do I go from here? Not knowing what I should do or have is very scary", "title": "Question: I\u2019m a 28 year old with chronic pain, cognitive changes such as severe memory issues, painful sensitive skin,-everyone is stumped?-very scared."}
{"text": "Hello doctor, i want to ask you question, i always stay in my room i don\u2019t want to go outside i don\u2019t have any friends when somebody talk to me i feel so\u2026 Nervous i can\u2019t do work properly when somebody talk i think they\u2019re talk about me & i get angry i have lot anger, i can\u2019t speak properly means i speak but when i talk to somebody i can\u2019t talk perfectly when i go outside from my house all people laughs at me my behavior is not normal i\u2019m 19 years old but i wasn\u2019t like this before 4 years ago, Do i have autism", "title": "Question: I\u2019m 19 years old \u2026.do I have autism?"}
{"text": "Friday night, I woke up around 2 a.m. feeling nauseous and feverish. I realized i had forgotten about the tampon i put in before bed, and i immediately took it out. The next morning, Saturday, i woke up, threw up, had a fever with a headache all day. I took ibuprofen and drank a lot of water which seemed to help. Sunday morning, i woke up and my hands were puffy, red and itchy. I thought nothing much of it and went on with my day. I took some allergy medicine before bed. Today, my hands are developing a rash and so are my feet. I have not had the flu-like symptoms since they disappeared Friday night. Does this have to do with toxic shock syndrome? If not, what could it be and what should i do", "title": "Question: Is it toxic shock syndrome"}
{"text": "Been suffering from sesamoid pain for 1+ year. Diagnosed as bipartite sesamoid fracture. 19 years old so podiatrist hesitant to do multiple cortisone shots. Had one done that lasted for 4 months pain free back to normal activity. was in boot for 4 months post initial injury. Now limiting walking and compensating by walking on the lateral aspect of foot. pain on palpation. Feeling some strain in lateral ankle with inversion. pain with extension of first metatarsal. wearing orthotics with cutout beneath first metatarsal and hard soled sneakers daily. Also stretch gastroc/ soles 3 times/ day. No relief. Ice and take advil when a high walking day. Use kinesio taping method physical therapist showed me that is no longer helping any. What else can be done", "title": "Question: Suffering from sesamoid pain..  podiatrist says no multiple cortisone shots"}
{"text": "i have been getting really bad hives that burn on and off since friday night. i feel very tired and week. I went to the doctor today and he told me i have TSS from wearing tampons last week during my period. I looked at the symptoms of TSS and i don\u2019t have them. i didn\u2019t have a rash, i had full on hives. i didn\u2019t have a fever, i wasn\u2019t vomiting and didn\u2019t have diarrhea. i have never had hives before. i don\u2019t have any known allergies, and i have not changed detergents or anything like that. i am very worried that this was just a random guess. is it possible that this is accurate? the nurse thought it was odd as well. They gave me shot and he wrote me a prescription. please help", "title": "Question: Really bad hives\u2026worried Doctor made a random guess"}
{"text": "High blood pressure started after new GP changed meds 2 months plus ago\u2026taken me off them now due to lots of side effects..dry eyes, flushed face insomnia etc\u2026erratic BP..from -128/ 78 to 165/80\u2026told me to stop meds and monitor twice daily without meds for 11 days..flushing of face twice daily, Occ dry eyes ( not as bad) more seriously BP last night after after a days walking  and rested for 2 hrs was 174/90\u2026 I have not taken it today as makes me so anxious. Is all over the place. I am a healthy slim healthy diet, no smoke or alcohol \u2026what is going on\u2026had two kidney tests prior to change of medication..all fine\u2026.do u think it is my heart..and why resistance to medication..as one tablet is one I had taken for 14 yrs..then precious doc reduced it to a 2.5 mg water tablet..BP then was always about 127/ 78.  Never over 140 like this has been for 2 months ..been on 5 and 10 mg of  Linisoprol then 5 mg of Amlodopine\u2026.my life has turned into hel", "title": "Question: GP changed meds 2 months ago\u2026my life has turned into hell"}
{"text": "My oldest son has been really sick within the last month he has been vomiting and nobody can find out why (-) give him meds and send him on his way now he is vomiting what appears to be little clots I\u2019m worried about him what could be causing this", "title": "Question: My son is vomiting and nobody can find out why"}
{"text": "Chest X-Ray of my Mom, whose age is around 65 years, is indicating bronchitis (mentioned in x-ray report) although she doesn\u2019t show any usual symptoms of bronchitis. The only symptom she shows is panting (breathing heavily) if walking bit fast also she faces difficulty (panting) when climbing up the stairs.I would like to kindly inform you that she doesn\u2019t get any chest pain when walking fast or climbing up the stairs. She is not coughing nor does she have any fever. Kindly advise what might be reason, is there cough or sputum accumulation in chest, you are kindly requested to advise us for the best possible treatment. Is it possible to use one Expectorant to remove all the mucus/cough", "title": "Question: My mom has bronchitis..breathing heavily but\u2026"}
{"text": "I am a 63yr old male and over the last few months I have been peeing blood on average every six wks or so, this problem has just returned yesterday, I am peeing pure blood and quite a lot, I have back ache and a bit of pain in my stomach. I am having problems peeing sometimes go fine and other times can\u2019t go. I am residing in Portugal at the moment but have a months holiday booked for S. Africa this coming weekend, do you think it will be ok for me to go or should I cancel my trip and seek medical advise instead? The confusing thing is that this problem goes away for a number of weeks before returning. I have had blood and urine tests that have come back clear and my doctor said it could be a build up of calcium that can cut and cause bleeding which leaves me very confused and worried.\nI do hope you can help", "title": "Question: Pure blood in urine\u2026quite a lot"}
{"text": "Two years ago I \u2026. (took) entire very large bottle of generic tylenol. It took the weaverville hospital two days to figure out what was wrong with me. They then transferred me to Redding whereby spent six days before my enzyme levels reached 1000 and then they let me go home. They told me when I arrived at the hospital if I lived I would definitely need a liver transplant . for the past year my urine has had an odor that has progressively gotten worse to the point it us always there any more.and it is real strong. i am always tired. My skin is dry and itchy. I have always had mild  constipatuon problems but that hasn\u2019t gotten any worse. It seems like I get slight abdominal pain at least once every two to three weeks. I suffer from unexplained nausea frequently. I have already visited the doctor and i doubt have a uti or an STD. Should I be concerned about my health", "title": "Question: Swallowed large bottle of Tylenol,  need a liver transplant?"}
{"text": "I am withdrawing from heroin for three days now and i don\u2019t go to rehab until the 15th do I need to go to the e", "title": "Question: I am withdrawing from heroin should I go to the ER"}
{"text": "hello Doctor,yesterday I experienced a substance which was reddish and yellowish kind of coming from my vagina I got happy thinking my periods had finally appeared after a eight months await without seeing them but the process didn\u2019t last long and the substance stopped coming but then my tummy has been paining me severely like something is twisting me inside and some days back I experienced a bad headache and backache.what do you think is wrong", "title": "Question:  Reddish and yellowish kind of substance coming from my vagina?"}
{"text": "Daughter extremely fit competitive swimmer recently feels heart slows down and feels dizzy then panics and heart races too fast this happens even on rest day", "title": "Question: Competitive swimmer heart slows down and feels dizzy then heart races"}
{"text": "So, I recently discovered about a month ago that two vertebrae in my lower spine are compressed together (shown in the x-ray, vertebrae L4 and L5). Because of this, I could barely lift my left leg off the ground, it hurt on my upper/outer butt area. It was ok if I bent my knee, but I can not lift my leg when it is straight. Walking too much hurts extremely bad and so does sleeping(when I readjust). I started going to the chiropractor about a month ago and he said that my spine is probably pinching nerves on my left side. I ve been going there twice a week for a month and a half but some new problems showed up. About a week ago, my same left leg started to fall asleep. This happens everyday now constantly coming on and off throughout the day. The numbness/ pins and needles go from my upper left butt all the way down my leg and to my foot. I have no idea what is going on and I would appreciate anyone s help", "title": "Question: Leg falls asleep throughout the day?"}
{"text": "my son aged 20, is a psycho patient for last three years. Initial symptoms were low confidence, loss of concentration and split thoughts. He is taking medicines continuously. There was improvement in these symptoms but another thing developed about eight months ago, ie, he believes that his thoughts are being broadcasted and everyone in the world reads my thoughts. There is no improvement in this symptoms. Doctor has changed the medicines many times and also increased the dosage but no effect. About two months ago, Doctor recommended clozapine. But we did not agree to take this medicine due to its severe side effects. Alternately, we found another clinic dealing with psycho problems and told them whole story. There he remained admitted for 45 days where his psychotherapy and medication(other than clozapine) was carried out. Now he feels a little better. But medicines have no effect on him. Only due to psychotherapy and some brain exercise, he was made to believe that no one can read his thoughts. this technique works some time but not all the time. They also given medicines for one more month. these medicines include tab olepra, LG, Dosik, rivotroil.Apparently, he looks normal but he refrains from gathering. In the home. he talks with everyone. He also meets his friends. He is neither agressive no creating any other problem. He only refrains from gathering due to belief that other people will read his thoughts. Now what should we do?? we have three options regarding medications:we should quit all the medicines as they have no effect and do only psychotherapy, counselling, brain exercise etc..\nwe should continue the above mentioned medicines alongthwith psychotherapy even if these have no effect.and the last is that we should start clozapine. Please annalyse the three options and intimate the best one.", "title": "Question: My son believes his thoughts are broadcasted and read by everyone?"}
{"text": "I have recently returned from a holiday abroad where I gained numerous mosquito bites which I had a massive allergic reaction to. They became swollen and bruised and left my legs in a state. Now the majority of scars have faded however a few on my legs have remained a dark purple color and looks like I have holes in my legs. I\u2019m currently using bio oil to help fade the scars but nothing seems to be working. Any help or suggestions to fade the scars? It is really knocking my confidence and I\u2019m repeatedly covering up my legs", "title": "Question: Mosquito bites on vacation leave dark purple spots"}
{"text": "Some four years ago I had a tumor (GEST) removed from my stomach successfully. Ever since then I had severe diarrhea on and off similar to colon prep. Titanium staples were used to close the stomach lining. I have issue with gold and silver. My wedding band has to be removed every night since it reacts with my skin if left on too long. The question is: is it possible to have such a reaction with the titanium staples to cause such a reaction? Several hours before I get diarrhea, I have a Sulfur taste with burps from my stomach", "title": "Question: Tumor removed\u2026titanium staples used \u2026now have reaction to gold-silver?"}
{"text": "Hello My \u2026age 22, male.\nI\u2019m suffering from scalp dandruff like bacteria or fungal infection since almost 1& a 1/2 year..\nInitially I didn\u2019t knew what is it, as every monsoon I used to have hairfall but last year it was different and was very rigid. Losing abundant of hairs I felt there was something strange. I also tried to apply onion paste which I think just aggravated the issue.Just 5 months back I had shaved my scalp and found a cluster of fungus poop like structure all around the head and I was shocked. Started taking some anti bacterial lotions for around 2week and left. For sometime it started depleting and almost gone however after 2-3 weeks it resurrected again. I don\u2019t think there is any cure for this and surprisingly had also affected my younger brother and I\u2019m too worried about it. Facing little bit of mental trauma not because Im suffering from this but because I have let it happen to my brother as wellCurrently I am applying \u201cCandid B lotion\u201d because it just reduces it but I don\u2019t know whether I would get any permanent cure for it.\nIm started feeling that I never used to have hairs.But one thing is that I have shaved at least for 4-5 times my head and its showing a good sign that it is as good condensed as it used to be before this infection. I\u2019m literally fed up of this and I don\u2019t know how far I can tolerate this thing, as it is affecting my studies , my career , my personality as a whole. Please help me, the specialist I met is too arrogant does not see the whole picture and just throws you out the clinic with a list of medicines and asks to meet again after a mont", "title": "Question: I suffer scalp dandruff like fungal infection \u2026. thrown out of the clinic"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m a 20 year old girl I\u2019ve been having colitis problems for 3 months now I\u2019ve Ben taking Librax and  Penta for 2 months ,but I\u2019ve been reading about a medicine called Motival , is it safe to take it in my condition ,and I\u2019m also having problems when I sleep,I wake up sometimes suddenly and I feel  that i can\u2019t breath and i have in the middle of my chest pain what should i do", "title": "Question: 20 year old with colitis \u2026is Motival safe?"}
{"text": "No period for 6 months\nConstant brown discharge for 3 weeks\nToo young for menopause.\nCause for concern or not", "title": "Question: No period for 6 months \u2013 brown discharge \u2013 Cause for concern or not?"}
{"text": "hello doctor I am \u2026 I have acl torn i am 23 years old and my questions are :\nis this tear partial or complete and if partial how much of it is torn ?\ndoes it require surgery ?\ni have positive drawer test and positive pivot shift test", "title": "Question: I have Anterior Cruciate Ligament tear\u2026do I need surgery?"}
{"text": "Hi I m 19 and female. Medical history severe depression, anxiety, PTSD and asthma. Have a heart murmer but told not to worry. I m very active exercise everyday and night. Question why am I not able to breathe when exercising when I have used my Ventolin and my heart races 240 best per minute is there something wrong", "title": "Question: Not able to breathe when exercising when I have used my Ventolin?"}
{"text": "For the past 4 weeks I have been getting the worst headaches of my whole life. The pain is so severe and the intensity is something that I can not describe but the worst pain known to humans times by 20 and its always in the same place on right side of forehead and temple and right eye. They mainly occur at night time by waking me although they can come in day time. I\u2019m literally frozen in one place when it comes. I can\u2019t walk or move hardly. They can last anywhere from 30 mins to 2 hours and they are guaranteed every day. But also the right side of my forehead and scalp and around my eye socket feels very tender to the touch almost as if it is bruised but it is not bruised and I have not injured it.  I\u2019m really worried", "title": "Question: Terrible headaches\u2026 worst human pain"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve had a prolonged ringing in my ears for about 8/9 months now. It\u2019s simply a high pitched ring, no pain, no other symptoms. It\u2019s much stronger in my left ear than my right. I don\u2019t go to loud concerts or in any way expose myself to any other extremely loud events or circumstances. It really bothers me, gives me headaches from time to time, and makes it hard to relax or fall asleep at night. It comes and goes as it pleases, sometimes it\u2019s louder, other times it\u2019s quieter that I can barely hear it but I do not recall it going away completely during this period of time. I do not remember when it started exactly either. Possibly during the cold winter? I am from Calgary, Canada. I\u2019ve seen the best specialist in town about 5 months ago, he didn\u2019t see anything wrong, checked my hearing and it was perfect, so he sent me to get an MRI done. My appointment for the MRI is still not for another 3 months. Would really appreciate any insights. Thank you very much", "title": "Question: Ringing in both ears\u2026but specialist sees nothing wrong"}
{"text": "hi my sister has suffering from 10 days continuous vomiting after taking food and drink any thing water also all tests are done but problem not find and visited so many doctors no body finding problem same problem last 5 months before\ncame and after 15 days suddenly stopped and now it repeated is this problem gastroparesis please suggest any specialist docto", "title": "Question: 10 days continuous vomiting, tests all OK\u2026can it be gastroparesis?"}
{"text": "I would just like to know whether or not I could rule out graves disease as a cause of my hyperthyroidism. Or could I rule out toxic multinodular goitre or cancer?\nI was diagnosed with mild hyperthyroidism in November 2015 t4=31, tsh=0.02 Before anti thyroid drug treatment I had a negative test for anti-TPO antibodies.\nAfter anti-thyroid drug treatment (July 2016), My blood test showed I was now euthyroid. At the same time, I had a tshr antibody test, which was within range.\nNow on 5mg carbimazole daily\nI have a swollen lymph node in my breast which I noticed in December 2015 and is still there\nI would just like to know whether or not I could rule out graves disease as a cause of my hyperthyroidism. Or could I rule out toxic multinodular goitre or cancer", "title": "Question: I have \u2026 Hyperthyroidism or graves disease,  multinodular goitre, cancer?"}
{"text": "I have been having unexplained headaches and nausea for about five years now and recently have lost a bit of use in my left hand. I had an MRI a couple of days ago and i will be seeing my regular GP in two weeks time. I was wondering, do you think there is anything on the MRI that might indicate a cause of the headaches?\nThank you for your time", "title": "Question: Unexplained headaches \u2026 does MRI show problem?"}
{"text": "\u2026I experienced what felt like a muscle spasm in what felt like muscles at the base of your testicles, (the muscles you clench when you are trying to hold in urine or release fully to urinate)\u2026it happened 2 years ago, and after it first happened, it happened again several months later, and after it happened again No one has been able to tell me what this muscle spasm was or seemed to think it was significant \u2026 As a result I can tell when urinating it feels different, and like my stream doesn\u2019t have as much force as normal) I can also tell when going number 2 that the widening muscle motion of the anus when relaxing to go number 2 does not open as wide, it feels like it gets \u201cstuck\u201d before being able to relax fully, and I don\u2019t have the ability to relax it further as to how wide it used to go\u2026. the front urination muscles feel the same, like I don\u2019t have the ability to relax them and open them as far or wide as they normally go\u2026all the things that happened (reduced range of relaxing front /back muscles to urinate/defecate and reduced sensation all occurred immediately after the spasm) \u2026I have gone to a urologist about this, who said I have a tight pelvic floor, and recommended I see a pelvic floor therapist, which Ive seen once, and have 4 more appointments with over the course of the next 3-4 months\u20263 weeks now with pretty much no improvement or change, they might even be making it worse to be honest\u2026I am trying to figure out why it happened, and if it is possible\nto get back to the normal range of motion I used to have when relaxing to either urinate or go number 2\u2026\nIve had a cystoscopy (no scarring, nothing found) , and have an MRI of my lower spine to check the nerves next month, however the urologist said hes 99% positive the MRI will show nothing wrong, and just want it done to rule it out. The urologist says its an issue with the pelvic floor being too tight/sluggish and possibly weak at the same time. Which I tend to agree with due to the years spent slouching and sitting.I have spent probably over a hundred hours online trying to find out what the heck happened, or anyone with a similar problem and pretty much found nothing similar.. i was hoping maybe I could find someone who experienced something similar, or a persons with medical knowledge thoughts on what this could be, if its fixable or permanent", "title": "Question: Muscles spasms cause changes to urinary tract  muscles\u2026bladder\u2026is it permanent?"}
{"text": "A few days ago when i was drinking, i got this burning pain in my chest. I went to bed and it was still there the next day and in the evening I started to panic so i went to a and e. They checked my blood pressure and the electricity through my heart. I was sent away with some lansoprazole and told to take it daily and they said my heart and lungs feel fine. Today and yesterday, ive been getting pain in my chest rather than a burning feeling and I\u2019ve felt it in my arm as well. Ive also felt dizzy during the day and tired after waking up. Should i be getting worried", "title": "Question: Chest pain, arm pain, dizzy\u2026.should I be worried?"}
{"text": "I have pain when urinate and blood in urine. What should I do, which antibiotic should I us", "title": "Question: I have pain when I urinate and blood in urine?"}
{"text": "My daughter had a Fibro scan as she has Hep C from drug use. The results are consistent with F1-2 Fibrosis. Median stiffness kPa 6.4. IQR \u2013 kPa 1.5 what does this all mea", "title": "Question: My daughter has Hep C from drug use..what does Fibro scan results mean?"}
{"text": "Hi, I have been diagnosed with hyperbilirubinemia. Total is 1.9 mg/dl and direct is 0.8 mg/ dl.. I have been in ACUTRET 30 MG and FINPECIA for past 7 months.. I have just started taking glucon d 3 times a day and udiliv 150 mg two times a day. In how much time would it bcm normal?? Please suggest alternate measures to cure?", "title": "Question: Diagnosed with hyperbilirubinemia\u2026please suggest alternate treatment"}
{"text": "I am 32 yrs old ,female, single. I have worked in laboratory of chemical analysis of drug for 10 years.1. I feel that air is not enter completely into the body when inhale.It means that i don\u2019t get deep breath and,get just short breath\n2. One surprising is that my abdomen is compressed when inhale and expand in exhale. It is not normal. But in lying position, it is normal like other people. This is not ok for me and not comfortable.\n3. I am also a stutterer (stammer) person. Although I m stutter since childhood, it is worsen in this condition now. I am very depressed on this in my work and my life. I had read in some literature before that stuttering is relief in complete and deep breathing.\nSo I think that there is a relationship between stuttering and my breathing although there is other cause for stuttering.\n4. So, no matter what happen, I want to relief from signs and symptom including breathing and stuttering. Therefore i would like to consult you and please give me advice what investigation and what i should do.5. I take chest X ray last week. Although my lungs may or may not be dangerous according to X ray result, I just want it in normal condition. Result is the following. May I know your opinion on X ray result and further investigation I will do, please. Please understand my feeling and help me as much as u can. Thanks a lot, Sir.\nCHEST X ray\nHeart is normal. Calcification is noted in pul foci and no active lung lesion seen. There is blunting of Rt.costophrenic angle.", "title": "Question: I have breathing problems\u2026is it related to my stuttering?"}
{"text": "I am 26 years of age and I have been taking DIM Plus and Vitex for regulating my period. Throughout my life I have not had a regular periods monthly for it will be every two to three months or more before I receive one. Since I have taken DIM Plus and Vitex I have been having regular periods for the past 6 months for that is how long I have been using the two stated above.  My last starting period was July 28th, I was having symptoms of stomach aches, headaches, short breath and strong smells that make me want to vomit, but I did not vomit. I am also sleepy at times. Theses are symptoms of pregnancy, but once I took an in-home pregnancy test it came out negative, I then went to the pregnancy center to re-test and it also came out negative for they wanted me to talk to a doctor. I don\u2019t have health insurance to go to one this month. The nurse told me that it may be the DIM Plus and/or Vitex, but I am confused as to why for they are both natural supplements that helped regulate my period as well as possibly ovulation. I am also taking pre-natal vitamins of Bellybar chewables. I was taking first response gummies, but switched to Bellybar when I finished off first response gummies. I am not sure what is wrong at this point or what is the cause", "title": "Question: All signs of pregnancy \u2026. but not pregnant ?"}
{"text": "My four year old licked a xantax go straight to er or look for signs?it got chalky looking but wasn\u2019t taken orally just licked and it dissolved a bi", "title": "Question: 4 year old takes Xantax\u2026what should I do?"}
{"text": "When you are trying to rest on the couch and watch tv and heart starts racing \u2026 And keeps going from 131 to 146. Is that dangerous?  What number is too high when resting", "title": "Question: Heart Rate at 131 -146 at rest\u2026.Dangerous?"}
{"text": "Close to two weeks ago I fell down a flight of hard  wood steps extremely hard. I was at a party and had a few cocktails and from what I can remember it was a plank type fall backwards, my bottom cracked the bottom step and I fell back and cracked my head on the floor/front door. I had and still have a very large lump with pain on the top of my head and to the left. I can\u2019t see bruising on my head due to my hair, however, a friend saw behind my ear it was all bruised but I have no pain in that area. In the past week I\u2019ve started experiencing numbness/tingling on my arms, legs. I also am experiencing a lot of numbness on my lower stomach. I could equal this feeling to a few hours after you have novocaine and it\u2019s wearing off.I\u2019m guessing i have swelling from the fall that is hitting some major nerve", "title": "Question: Fell down, cracked head \u2013 arms and legs now feeling numb?"}
{"text": "So I\u2019m wondering if I\u2019m developing Osteoarthritis, Cubital Tunnel Syndrome, or just a RSI.Relevant background information:\nI\u2019m 27 years old, a computer programmer, and I play a lot of video games with a keyboard and mouse in my free time. My grandmother on my mother\u2019s side has Osteoporosis. Symptoms:\nA few months ago after a couple 80 hour work weeks, I started having issues with my elbow. For awhile, the right side of my forearm, my ring and pinky fingers were feeling almost stiff (I don\u2019t really have a good way to describe the discomfort), and occasionally my pinky would experience tingling, numbing sensations. On occasion, my elbow would suddenly lock up, and when I moved it, the unlocking process involved sharp pain and a large crack right at the joint. After the long work weeks stopped, the pinky/ring finger issues went away, my forearm has mostly been less stiff, but the occasional elbow issue still occurs, just less frequently.Now, in the last month or two, my hands have started cracking a lot (numerous times a day mostly in my thumbs), my hands feel stiff a lot, and ache on occasion. I\u2019ve also had a lot of other bones that never normally crack (like my knees, shoulders, hips, etc.,.) start to crack a few times daily as well. My wrists crack profusely (although that\u2019s not new), but ache quite more than usual.And although I\u2019ve been worrying about hand weakness on and off for years, (when I laugh really hard, I lose the ability to grip objects I\u2019m holding or make a fist for a few minutes after), I\u2019m having a hard time opening water bottles lately to a point where I need to ask someone to open it for me. Yesterday I even had to have fiance open one of those little clear capped ones. The kind that you sometimes accidentally open if you put them in your bag and the friction of moving around alone can cause the contents to spill out. And a few weeks ago, I was at the doctor\u2019s office and they wanted me to fill out forms on paper, and granted, I know in this day and age we write so little that of course our hands get tired after writing a lot, but my hand got so weak it actually \u201ccrumpled in\u201d around the pencil after the third or fourth page, like I couldn\u2019t even hold the pencil anymore. And arguably, it wasn\u2019t like I was writing a paper, it\u2019s writing a few sentences here and there explaining things and checking boxes, but my hand didn\u2019t have the strength to finish. But \u2013 again worth noting, the elbow that cracks is on the same side as my writing hand. I did do the paper grip test at home a few months ago, and again today, and passed just fine. So again, I\u2019m wondering if it\u2019s CTS causing hand weakness, why am I not having issue with the paper", "title": "Question: 27  year old thinks may have Osteoarthritis or\u2026"}
{"text": "I have developed ringworm at the inner thigh near groin area.I have applied few medicines but gave only temporary relief.. And the patch got increased.After reading at various sites, I used fourderm cream which worked but left skin pigmentation and white patch near the area. I stopped using and switched to my regular cream clobet gm, the pigmentation has worsened and skin has become red at the white patches\u2026.Can you please suggest a solution for the pigmentation and redness\u2026FYI\u2026I still have the itching effect for the ringworm.", "title": "Question: I have ringworm\u2026used meds but it got worse"}
{"text": "I am nearly 4 week late for depo. I had unprotected sex on the 29th August several times. I am now experiencing stomach cramps, feeling sick, heartburn, hiccups, tender breasts, peeing more, strong smell of pee etc. Could this be side effects of depo or could I be pregnant", "title": "Question: 4 week late for Depo-Provera\u2026many new symptoms\u2026am I pregnant?"}
{"text": "42 year old female with family history of breast cancer with both grandmothers and Aunt with breast cancer abnormal mammogram shows areas that need further evaluation and very dense breast tissue I have burning sensation under left armpit swollen lymph nodes on left side left breast is slightly larger than right stabbing pain occasionally in left breast pulling sensation left side neck what\u2019s the chances I have cance", "title": "Question: Very dense breast tissue I have burning sensation\u2026is it cancer?"}
{"text": "Hello. My brother woke up about 2weeks ago and was not able to speak or actually say what he was thinking\u2026\u2026.Went to the the ER had a CT scan, MRI, and blood work done and which all came back normal. Since then he has been having headaches and not acting himself. This morning he had another episode, was not acting himself. Once at the ER he was combative, they gave him meds now he is asleep in the hospital. Really worried! no one can seem to diagnose him. he is a 34yr male, white, 5\u20198 160lbs, smokes, no allergies. No medical history. Live in NC,  US. Please help", "title": "Question: Woke up 2 weeks ago not able to speak..no one can diagnosis problem"}
{"text": "Felt a stinging pain then a sharp pain and later seen a red bump it\u2019s hard in the center were there are 2 little fang marks . I\u2019m sure it was a spider that bit me but was it poisonous and/or should I go to the emergency roo", "title": "Question: Felt a stinging pain then a sharp pain\u2026fang marks"}
{"text": "Hello, my father who is 90 years has just started to wet the bed as he is getting up in the morning , is there anything that we can do for him , he is embarrassed & tries to hide it", "title": "Question: My father wets the bed"}
{"text": "I have red rashes all over my body what cause it they are spreading and itch and flakes", "title": "Question: I have red rashes all over my body and spreading!"}
{"text": "I am a female, aged 27 years, I have a weird problem where on the my left eye, below the eye brows, the whole portion gets swollen and looks red in color. This happens every other day and it pains a lot. It slowly radiates to whole face, hand and and pains starkly.\nI got the CT scan, MRI scan done for the brain and also, did the CT scan with contrast and they concentrated on the left lobe is what I understood. There also, the doctors could not diagnose anything but they say, yes, the portion is \u201cswollen\u201d.\nSome doctors said, it is migraine and put me on sibelium tablets. Nothing seems to work.\nFYI: I have thyroid issue from 5 years, and I am on the tablet Thyrox/Eltroxin 125 mcg everyday. Apart from this, I do not have any other pre-disease situation.\nPlease guide me, what should be done now", "title": "Question:  I have a weird problem\u2026 whole face becomes swollen and red"}
{"text": "My sister is interested in donating a kidney. We have a family history of VWD. My father had it and I have it.  She has never had any complications from surgery so for.  Can she be a carrier of this and could it effect the person receiving her kidney.  I have been tested but she was not", "title": "Question: My sister is interested in donating a kidney \u2026 but \u2026"}
{"text": "My friend hit his head on a hook out in the barn acting strange took him to local hospital the Dr there thought it could be meningitis but they now say nothing is wrong sent him home this has been going on for almost two week", "title": "Question: Head hit hook in barn, acting strange"}
{"text": "Does this stubborn itchy rash under my arm need an anti-fungal or a steroid cream?", "title": "Question: Does this stubborn itchy rash under my arm need an anti-fungal or a steroid cream?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been suffering with a horrible vaginal odor for year.  In 97 i went to the emergency room with a low grade fever and a pus discharge was aimed for Exploratory surgery however when the discharge cleared i was discharged and sent home.  A few months ago a sonogram was administered and fluid in my pelvic area was found. After consulting with a colleague the doctor said that was nothing to be alarmed about gave me an antibiotic and sent me home.  I still have the horrible smell that makes me isolate myself what can i do?  Signed helpless in new york.", "title": "Question: I have horrible vaginal odor\u2026even after taking antibiotics"}
{"text": "I had a seton put in for a high anal fistula two weeks ago and am wondering if it is safe to resume anal sex with my partner. I am a young, gay male who is always on the receiving end of sex with my partner and do not wish to change that. I feel no discomfort with the seton in but am unsure if anal play is safe", "title": "Question: High anal fistula\u2026safe to resume anal sex?"}
{"text": "The wife And I have recently started tasting soap in our mouths. And yesterday me and my two kids all had a bloody nose. Wondering if it was related. Recently my daughter had sores in her throat that the doctor said was a viral infection. Not sure if it is connected. Please hel", "title": "Question: My family has soap taste in mouth\u2026 and bloody noses. Please help."}
{"text": "Writing this is very hard for me, especially since my situation is technically so commonplace, yet very strange. I began to deal with terrible headaches when I was 12 years old. I remember waking up in the middle of the night because of an acute pain I felt on the left side of my head and eye. Though, my parents put minor attention to it and gave my an aspirin. The headaches became constant and I started to get them every night; after that, it all became worse. I\u2019m assuming it\u2019s my fault, since I think I became addicted to the painkillers. I had headaches every single 3 hours. My parents decided to take me with a neurologist and he prescribed me Epival and some other medication I can\u2019t recall. It really helped me with my headaches, but the medication was too expensive, so my father decided to cut the treatment after a year. He was against my dependence and felt like the best way to help was by ignoring my headaches. He even said I was faking the migraine and trying to seek attention. It didn\u2019t help me, at all. It got worse. I began to vomit a lot, the headaches returned every hour, and I was depressive (I was 13 at the time). So as soon as I turned 14 years old, I began to self-medicate myself. It was/is a terrible idea. At first, it was minor analgesics, such as Tylenol. Though, I began to dose myself 1 Tylenol each hour. Because of this, I decided to use Advil or Aleve, but still dosed myself 1 pill each 4 to 5 hours. Then, I don\u2019t remember why, but I switched to Galoflam. It\u2019s embarrassing to say, but I spent almost $5,600 (Q700 in my currency) with this medication. This pills were okay, but the seller in a pharmacy recommended to my mom Dolo-Nervilan. This pills were the best so far! I only took 3 pills each day. Though, acne was a side effect due to the B12. My dermatologist told me to cut off the medication immediately. So I did and decided to try Avamigran. This helped for a week or so. I took like 4 or 5 pills each day. In addition, I was taking a pill of Cataflam to sleep at night. Though, yesterday, I woke up at 3AM with a mild headache. So I decided to take another Avamigran. Bad idea maybe? I woke up again at 4AM and this time I rushed to the bathroom because I had to vomit so badly. The vomit made my headache worse, so I persisted and took another Avamigran. This actions occurred two times again; one at 5AM and another one at 6AM. I kept taking a pill even after vomiting because I was afraid my body hadn\u2019t really ingested the medication well to help. Avamigran wasn\u2019t really helping, so I decided to switch to Galoflam again. I\u2019m currently 15, soon to turn 16. I really need an advice or maybe a suggestion as to what I should or what can help me, even if anybody knows what is wrong me! I was reading that it might be rebound headaches due to the medicine intake. If it\u2019s the case, please tell me so and please please tell me what I should do. I know you shouldn\u2019t ask for any medical advice or prescription, but I\u2019m underage and my parents won\u2019t support me or even help me.", "title": "Question: 15 year old has terrible migraines\u2026taking loads of pills for years\u2026"}
{"text": "Is it possible to increase eumelanin production in the human body, while decreasing pheomelanin production? I am one of those \u201cfortunate few\u201d born with mutations in MC1R (a.k.a. red hair, fair skin, freckles, & hating it), along with being a top contender for Basal Cell Carcinoma, Squamous Cell Carcinoma, and Melanoma", "title": "Question: I want to increase eumelanin production while decreasing pheomelanin"}
{"text": "I have a breathing problem. My throat is choked and i cant breathe properly\u2026. I drink heavily the previous night and now i am so weak and i cant breathe. please help m", "title": "Question: I can\u2019t breathe\u2026 choking"}
{"text": "in the late 90\u2019s after a 2 day fast my tongue became fissured, horizontal around the edges as well as a line down the center of my tongue with cracks coming off that line. also white patches which reduce after gentle tongue scraping. indentations also around edges of tongue. associated symptoms include severe halitosis. i have tried medications(pasteels) and an extended course of anti-biotics for possible oral thrush, with no change. removal of tonsils for possible cause of halitosis, removal of wisdom teeth also for possible cause of halitosis. the one time i have experienced any change was when i was admitted to hospital about 8 years ago for taking too many paracetamol tablets over a 48 hr period, i had no idea they could be so dangerous. my liver started to fail and i was put on an IV drip and admitted for several days until i normalized. as a result of being on the IV drip my tongue regained a completely normal appearance- for the first time in almost a decade! dehydration issues?? i have tried to remedy potential dehydration by increasing water uptake to 2-3 liters every day with no change except a feeling of a dry mouth. i have tried various mouthwashes/gargles with no success. dietary changes reducing acidic and spicey foods as well as giving up smoking and reducing drinking to once every 2-3 weeks. with no change as of yet, ive started taking B vitamin complex and iron as a possible cause for fissured tongue(B12/B6?) with no change. the only thing that as worked absolutely(and completely unlooked for i might add) was being on an IV drip for a couple of days whilst admitted to hospital. i have tried to convey this to my local GP but am dismissed immediately! i hope to get advice on how to pursue the possibility of IV treatment as a possible resolution for my fissured tongue issue?. there is no pain associated with my fissured tongue issue either", "title": "Question: I have a fissured tongue\u2026 went to my local doctor\u2026he dismissed me?"}
{"text": "Hi, My father is Type II diabetic (53 years old) and currently he has a sugar level of 125. However, he gets tired easily and seems really weak these days. I want to know what type of additional nutritional supplements he can take to make sure his body gets all the right nutrition it needs at that age?He is diabetic since last 15 years and no one else in our family has diabetes (no family history of diabetes). He is taking Storvas-10, Amaryl.2, Glycomet 3/450, Vobose 0.3 for diabetes.Thank you", "title": "Question: My father is diabetic, what type of additional nutritional supplements can he take?"}
{"text": "I am a 23 year old female with normal weight. I have polycystic ovary syndrome (all female cousins on dad\u2019s side have it, may be genetic?). I have had heavy periods since the start of puberty with bad cramping. I have been on different contraceptive pills for the last 5 years in an attempt to reduce pain and bleeding and now on Brenda Ed I have manageable period pain. In the last 6 months I have started bleeding more and more often between my periods, though I have been taking the pill every day. I have been sleeping a lot more than usual (<11 hrs/night) but have to wake up <2 times per night due to urinary urgency. This could be due to stress as I have been working long hours and have deadlines coming up. I am concerned now as I have spotting or bleeding every couple of days and for inconsistent times. In the past strenuous exercise has also triggered bleeding.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nadvertisement:", "title": "Question: I have polycystic ovary syndrome.. now I have spotting or bleeding every couple of days"}
{"text": "I am a retired 61 year old male. I live in WV. I spend most of my time working on rehabbing the house my wife and I bought several months ago.Unfortunately, I have been experiencing severe cramps in my hands during the day (sometimes, but not always, while working on something). These cramps last anywhere from a few seconds to 30 minutes. I try to stay hydrated while working, drinking water or Gatorade.I would like to know what is causing these cramps and how to avoid or minimize their occurrence. Also, is there something I can do to make them go away more quickly", "title": "Question: Retired male experiencing severe cramps in hands"}
{"text": "In 2012 my doctor started me on Lamictal to help regulate my mood and boost the wellbutrin I take. Around that time (age 34) I noticed a faint tremor in my hands. As the years have past the tremors have worsen. My grandfather, aunt and father all have Familial Tremors that started in their thirties so I chalked it up to that. I had read that Lamictal may cause tremors so my doctor and I decided to reduce my dose just to see which was the true cause. Unfortunately I have noticed an increase in my tremors. However I am told the Familial tremors worsen as you age. Do you think Lamictal could have been reducing the tremors, since it is mainly used as a seizure drug", "title": "Question: My family has Familial Tremors\u2026my tremors have now increased"}
{"text": "I am 23 years old with a PMH of hypothyroidism. I have recently began having involuntary jerking which begin in my legs and has spread to my arms and most recently, my head. I also easily get very achy in my limbs and difficulty sleeping. Is this anything to be concerned about", "title": "Question: 23 year old with hypothyroidism\u2026involuntary jerking in leg, arms and head?"}
{"text": "I have this mole on my neck that\u2019s been there for a long time, it has a hair that grows out of it that I occasionally trim but recently I noticed a burning sensation in the area of the mole, it\u2019s between the front and side of my neck, I was just wondering if the sensation could be something serious from the mole or just irritation from rubbing against my shirt or my chin cause I sit or lay down frequently with my chin applying pressure and occasionally rubbing against my neck", "title": "Question: Mole on neck is burning\u2026.is it serious?"}
{"text": "Hello doctor. For the past two months I have been having difficulty in falling asleep. I am a 20 year old female and I\u2019m a second year medical student. I\u2019m a vegetarian but I eat eggs. I\u2019m on Minerva for about five months because prior to this I was experiencing hair loss. I also have a chronic gastric ulcer which Im managing with Ulsanic tablets.A few weeks after the sleeping problem I had been taking Alprozol (sleeping pills) I tried not to use it daily as it only caused me to sleep for about 6 hours. I took it within a course of 4 weeks but not daily. Before I took the Alprozol I tried a more natural approach and took Calmettes nite tablet but it didn\u2019t affect me.Then for the past two weeks I\u2019ve been taking Sleep Eze.PM  I take one tablet, sometimes  two but used it intermittently. When I took two it made me feel overly exhausted the next day and I couldn\u2019t concentrate on my academics.I started doing exercise regularly to try and tire myself out and I can feel that my body is tired and my eyes have a burning and heavy sensation but when I close my eyes and try and sleep my mind is overly active and I can\u2019t seem to stop it and I lay in bed without managing to fall asleep.I used to have this problem before an exam but my mind would wonder for about 2hours and I\u2019d manage to get about four hours of sleep or more but now I feel as though I don\u2019t get any amount of sleep I just lay there.What would you recommend I do? I\u2019m worried that I might get dependent on sleeping pills and I really want to get my sleep back because it is affecting my concentration and therefore my studies", "title": "Question: Problems sleeping\u2026.but worried that I might get dependent on sleeping pills"}
{"text": "After making love with my husband..I notice I had waist  cramps during 4 weeks pregenacy and start bleeding then got miscarriage last year November, 2015 and up-till this moment never conceive and went for Pelvic scan and the report show below details.https://questiondoctors.com/wp-admin/post-new.php#TB_inline?width=400&inlineId=huge_it_videogalleryUltrasound shows a normal sized, anteverted and non- gravid uterus.\nIt measures 56X45X45mm (LS x AP x TS) and returns homogeneous myometrial echoes. Outline is Regular.\nEndometrial stripe is normal in thickness.\nBoth ovaries and adnexae are sonologically Normal.\nPouch of Douglas contains mild fluid collection.IMPRESSION: NORMAL PELVIC STUDY", "title": "Question: Had miscarriage \u2026please interpret my pelvic scan"}
{"text": "I have severe migraine on the right side. I\u2019ve had this pain for a long time now its over 3 years and it\u2019s getting worse. Before a year i went to hospital and they told me to wear glasses with protection against radiation because i use laptop and phone alot but it didn\u2019t work. I can\u2019t take it, it\u2019s very painful please help I can\u2019t go to hospital non of their treatments worked.Let me describe to you what happens when i\u2019m in pain :  first when the migraine starts it starts slowly without pain but i can feel and the same time i have this weird sense on my throat like I can\u2019t breathe normally it feels like i\u2019m taking less oxygen than usual and i feel like getting chocked but not to my entire throat just the 2 big veins on each side that pumps the blood to the brain.\nThen i close my laptop and everything and turn off the lights because it makes it worse\nThen  lay down on my bed grab my hand push on my right side of my head where the pain is and try to stay calm as much as possible without noises\nThen i just fall asleep and then wake up and the pain is gone but it comes back when in start using my lap and phone again\nBut there is something different this year which my method of getting rid of the pain works less than it used be.\nThat\u2019s why I came here to find out what is wrong with me", "title": "Question: I suffer severe migraines when using laptop and phone"}
{"text": "I have been using the mirena birth control for about 2 and a half years and at first there was no cramps and no bleeding but in the last few months I\u2019ve been having severe cramps to the point that I am almost in tears and can\u2019t move, is this normal after this long of not having problems? Should I get myself checked? Should I be worried? I need help..I don\u2019t know what is wrong.", "title": "Question: I use mirena birth control, have cramps, can\u2019t move\u2026I\u2019m in tears."}
{"text": "Hi, I have type 2 diabetes and would like to take a course of SARM MK677 which is a growth hormone secreter particular because growth hormone has been show in numerous clinical trials to aid in abdominal and overall fat lost which in turn has been shown to elevate the systems of diabetes.What, in principal, are your thoughts on this", "title": "Question:  I have type 2 diabetes should I take SARM MK677"}
{"text": "Hi, I work as a caregiver for years. I lift them with assistance of other caregiver when they fall. But for the last 4months my right shoulder been hurting when i extend it certain ways. Its difficult to lift arm above half way or extend backwards. It started on my right shoulder blade and crawled down later to just above my elbow. Just a couple weeks ago,my left shoulder started to hurt too,but not as bad as my right one. My joints on tows and fingers are stiff but not too bad yet. My left middle finger sometimes hurts when bending. I don\u2019t know if it started because I\u2019ve been gaining weight within the year or because I\u2019ve been using my right side of mouth for about the same time my shoulder began to hurt after few dental appointments. My period been changing the last couple times and i take ibuprofen;it\u2019s been less,but usually super heavy. I have had dandruff that comes and goes for seems to be monthly or so. That started about 3years ago after taking antibiotic due to UTI. It made me weak and tired also. A few times the dandruff crawled down from scalp all the way to sides of my mouth. My doctor prescribed me with a lotion for scalp and cream for face which help but it won\u2019t cure the root of whatever causing it. I had a blood test and mostly turns out ok except i have prediapedic and needs to take iron pills. I can\u2019t really take iron pills coz it gives me bad diarrhea lots of times at home and at work too. I know it sounds confusing, I\u2019m confused and hurt too.\nSo here\u2019s a short history of my health issue. Before my UTI, i never was sick. My only problem was extreme heavy period. I am now 36years old test needs help figuring out a way out of pain. I need the pain to go away coz i need my job. Any help is very much appreciated. Thank you", "title": "Question: Caregiver..needs pain to stop to keep her job"}
{"text": "For basically my whole life I have had ear pain in my right ear when it\u2019s cold outside. Recently my ear has been clogging to the point of my hearing becoming muffled on and off. It\u2019s also a bit painful. This has been going on for roughly 2 months intermittently. I do have pain in my ear currently and the doctor at urgent care said there is no sign of infection. Any ideas what might be going on and how to get relief? I do have a mole on that ear but my doctor said it wasn\u2019t anything to worry about a few years back", "title": "Question:  Ear pain in my right ear"}
{"text": "I have brown spots on both the legs.", "title": "Question: I have brown spots on both the legs."}
{"text": "Back in April, my boy friend and I had been diagnosed with Chlamydia and both of us received one dose of Azithromycin. Prior to April my boyfriend did not experience any symptoms nor after taking the medication. Recently, in September \u2013 approximately 5 months after taking the dose, he has been feeling symptoms, I wanted to know what is the likelihood that the antibiotics did not cure him? He claims he has not had any sexual interaction with anyone else, is it possible that he re-infected himself in the genital area? (I read that the Chlamidya bacteria, although clears up in genitals can live in the gut?)Symptoms:\nSwelling on pubic bone, penile discharge, pain in one testicle, pain in ankle", "title": "Question: My boy friend and I have been diagnosed with Chlamydia..he is re infected?"}
{"text": "i have been in Africa in 2009 i got malaria and cured from it . but when i make tests it show that hiv false positive . i didn\u2019t do any sex relations there . is it normal from malaria to show that", "title": "Question: Caught malaria in Africa?"}
{"text": "My boyfriend has an extra bone in his leg. It\u2019s almost in his calf on the side, and he has it on both legs. His brother has it, as well, and nobody has any idea what it could be. We would like some clarification. They\u2019ve had it their entire lives", "title": "Question: My boyfriend has an extra bone in his leg?"}
{"text": "why would sperm turn brown", "title": "Question: Why would sperm turn brown"}
{"text": "For 8 months I had an infection. I started going to do the doctor and I had abnormal cells. The cells were pre cancer and hpv. I had to have some of my cervix cut out while this was going on my doctor quietly told the nurse what kind of infection I had. After he told me it\u2019s not a yeast infection but it does act like one and that\u2019s why over the counter meds for test won\u2019t help that\u2019s all he said about it. He gave me meds to get rid of the infection but 2 weeks later it came back. The man who gave me meds and did my cervix stuff was my Normal doctor. My gyno refuses to touch me even for check for my 6 month check up for more pre cancer. What can I do? The only doctors I can afford are not helping me and talking to me about what my own body is doing. How can solve me infection? By the way I\u2019m 19 and this has all happened this yea", "title": "Question: 19 year old \u2026pre cancer and hpv cells\u2026doctors not helping me?"}
{"text": "Hi I am 25 years old and I have been having weird sensations in my right temple region. It\u2019s a tightening and tingling sensation and my vision is blurred and I feel like I can\u2019t hear out of my ears very well also I am having a burning sensation in my head as well. I am very concerned as to I am a new mother and want to stick around to see my child grow. Is it something I should be concerned abou", "title": "Question: New mother\u2026I want to stick around to see my child grow?"}
{"text": "I had a bladder neck incision with laser in late april 2016. Its been more than 4 months and i still get bleeding and blood clots in my urine. I am mostly constipated and situation is worse after a trip to lavatory. Antibiotics make me more constipated and i have to put a lot of pressure to pass stool and it really hurts the bladder then", "title": "Question: bladder neck incision \u2026 I still get bleeding and blood clots"}
{"text": "For years now I\u2019ve been suffering from extreme bladder pain. I\u2019ve had numerous tests including an ultrasound and camera into my bladder. It flares up every few months usually and it feels just like interstitial cystitis. But it\u2019s not. Sometimes when it\u2019s bad (like now) it bleeds when I urinate too. The doctors came to a dead end and stopped caring so now I just deal with it but it\u2019s so excruciating and it means I\u2019m unable to attend work when it\u2019s bad. I\u2019m only 22 and this has severely affected my life for years. I\u2019m reluctant to have surgery unless they know the cause", "title": "Question:  Excruciating bladder pain\u2026doctors in a dead end?"}
{"text": "I am an 18 year old female with no history of smoking. As far as I can think back I\u2019ve had a little piece of skin connected next to my uvula. It was small and the exact same color as the skin around it. I never felt or noticed it until I coughed and realized it was sticking to the roof of my mouth. Just recently, I was coughing to clear mucus out of my throat and I felt like something was stuck back there so I looked back and the piece of skin had detached from the uvula and was hanging right next to it. Since then I feel it every time I swallow and it seems appears larger then it was before. It\u2019s making me gag all the time and I am really concerned as to what it could be. The only other abnormality I\u2019ve noticed is that I had one small tonsil stone, which I don\u2019t often get. I contacted my GP, but should I be worried? I\u2019m paranoid about cancer", "title": "Question: Something sticking in my mouth\u2026I\u2019m paranoid about cancer"}
{"text": "I am a female and I\u2019m wondering if I can get warts located in the inner leg near the female reproduction area (aka. not in the vagina but the top part of the inner leg that is connected to it.) I\u2019m 15 and I haven\u2019t had any sexual intercourse what so ever and I\u2019ve already taken all of the HPV shots required from school. Its not long or has a \u201dTrunk\u201d like skin tags do but I can move it around a bit\u2026I have one on both opposite sides of that specific area which makes two in total. It has a round shape much like the letter \u201do\u201d and I don\u2019t know exactly what they are\u2026whether they\u2019re skin tags or warts. I haven\u2019t seen a doctor yet because I\u2019m still trying to get answers myself online. I\u2019ve had them for quite some time now I can\u2019t remember how long but roughly less than two years and they haven\u2019t grown. I haven\u2019t had any male parts touching skin to skin contact down there so I doubt it\u2019s caused by that. Please give me your best advice\u2026thanks", "title": "Question: I\u2019m 15 year old have warts \u2013 skin tags on legs?"}
{"text": "For some weeks I have been experiencing  pain and stiffness in my hands in the morning. Eventually the pain in my right hand has almost gone away while my left hand has gotten much worse. The pain does not seem joint-related \u2013 being mostly in the palm when I try to close my fingers as in making a fist. I am unable to make a fist \u2013 the stiffness prevents my fingers from closing. The pain can be significant. After I move my fingers several times I can get improved movement but never full movement and the pain in the palm still remains. Taking Aleve eases the pain without movement but making a fist is still very painful. This pain is somewhat disturbing because I cannot imagine a cause that is easily resolved.I am a 64 yo Male, obese, diabetic, and with mobility problems linked to a spinal MRI that resembles a train wreck (lumbar) I have had two rounds of epidural steroid injections that helped me regain the mobility I have now. I also experience frequent instances of numbness/tingling (going to sleep) in my left arm than could be related to the hand pain but I cannot make a connection.Do I need to see a doctor and if I do what specialty should I choose first? I have very limited resources and only Medicare coverage", "title": "Question: Pain and stiffness in my hands\u2026I have very limited resources"}
{"text": "I tried mdma 2 days ago and I had a very bad stroke at the time I thought it was a panix attack so I didn\u2019t go to the ER. I couldn\u2019t think or talk right, my eyes wouldn\u2019t focus, I forgot everything in a matter of seconds, my face went numb, my arms were numb and tingling and u couldn\u2019t walk right. I am only 18 and know nothing when it comes to strokes and I\u2019m also not a junkie so i don\u2019t know if it was the molly or me. Anyway it\u2019s been 2 days and I have memory loss sometimes, I can walk but it feels weird and I feel pressure in my chest and head. Should I go see a doctor or let this pass", "title": "Question: I tried mdma (ecstasy) 2 days ago and I had a very bad stroke"}
{"text": "My mother is 58 years old with type 2 diabetes (untreated), congestive heart failure, and has 3 staghorn kidney stones that are each approximately the size of a quarter. She won\u2019t go to the doctor anymore and has been self-medicating for pain. Is there anything that can be done to help with the pain and associated issues without inflaming the heart failure", "title": "Question: My mother has type 2 diabetes, congestive heart failure, doesn\u2019t want to see a doctor?"}
{"text": "My blood work was normal except my white cell count was 12000 can you tell me if this is leukemia that\u2019s all I hear I\u2019m scare", "title": "Question: White cells at 12000, is it leukemia \u2026 I\u2019m scared!"}
{"text": "I\u2019m a male of 39 yrs of age. From my early childhood I\u2019ve history of frequent typhoid attacks. (Roughly 6 times up to now) Very recently in late march also I became victim of typhoid. Since then up to now (sept-4th) I feel \u201cSensitivity\u201d in my lower abdomen. Whenever I do tough physical or mental jobs, it becomes a bit serious. While taking rest it subsides. After every effort of a little hard work, I feel headache, heaviness of head, and increased sensitivity in my lower abdomen. Sometimes it gets serious when I am hungry.There is generally a sensation of \u201cdry\u201d pharynx also. Plus for these 5 months after march typhoid attack  I\u2019ve felt that I have not completely landed on \u201chealth\u201d. A small feeling of \u201cbad health\u201d always persists.(This period included some serious mental works for me till sometime back)  Is this complication of typhoid?? How to heal it?? Plz suggest me a way out.\nOne strange thing about my typhoid- for past 4-5 yrs, I\u2019ve had 3 attacks of it and surprisingly, in each case temp hardly rises above 98.80 C. Rest symptoms-my doctor says- conform to typhoid. My doctor says due to change in lifestyles in cities; diseases have also changed their nature", "title": "Question: Typhoid attacks \u2026fever\u2026bad health?"}
{"text": "My son has had a swollen lymph node in his neck for the last 10 weeks was less than a cm but now slightly bigger than a pea. It is on the left side halfway between ear and shoulder where cervical lymph nodes are situated. He has had no illness apart from headache and a on and off temp. He also has a smaller lymph node just developed underneat", "title": "Question: My son has had a swollen lymph node in his neck"}
{"text": "My 16yo daughter presented with severe sore throat, nausea, redness in back of throat, no fever. She was diagnose with mono. Given 1 liter IV with meds for nausea and reduce swelling in throat. Next day, no sore throat, only nasal congestion with cough. Could this be a misdiagnoses", "title": "Question: My 16 yo daughter diagnosed with mono\u2026mistake?"}
{"text": "I am 15 years old and i am suffering from premature hair graying since the age of 12 i \u2018ve  tried every natural possible home remedy but i am missing those shiny black strands i used to have before the age of 12& i am in fear of losing my all black hairs now becoz their quantity in my head has increased so muc", "title": "Question: 15 year old suffering from premature hair graying"}
{"text": "My mom has COPD and is on oxygen she keeps falling asleep while she is just sitting here can she get carbon posion from her machine why is she so sleep", "title": "Question: My mom has COPD and keeps falling asleep"}
{"text": "An x-ray shows that my neck is twisted and it appears its been their for a while I\u2019m 20 years old and since i was young I\u2019ve been feeling discomfort it got worse the more i grew and now my adams apple is partially twisted causing breathing problems sometimes the doctors just told me to wear a cervical collar from the store so i bought one it helps me but i still have crazy discomfort and my nerves all over tend to act of sometimes", "title": "Question: My neck is twisted"}
{"text": "I have a 4 year old son and he has a swelling lump below his ear. Can you tell me what is it", "title": "Question: my 4 year old has lump below ear"}
{"text": "My mother suffers from restless leg syndrome. She is on tamoxifen following breast cancer 3 years ago. Have you any suggestions? Herbal therapy, vitamins, supplements", "title": "Question: My mother suffers from restless leg syndrome"}
{"text": "I\u2019m having fuzzy noises coming from my ears kind of blocking my hearing , very dizzy to the point I can barely walk, I am also pooping mucus . My hands and feet are so cold they are also started to hurt. In getting a slight headache as well . Any suggestions", "title": "Question: Dizzy to the point I can barely walk"}
{"text": "My wife has copd, she has stopped using Spiriva and her breather and is sleeping all the time.\nWhat is the prognosis?\nShould I inform her G.P.\nThank", "title": "Question: My wife has copd and stopped her breather?"}
{"text": "Hi there. I have been using a glycolic acid cleanser and at first experienced great results with clear, even skin tone. I have now stopped using the cleanser as I began to develop hyperpigmentation issues. To my horror, I am now developing spider veins on my cheeks and am experiencing burning. What should I do", "title": "Question: To my horror, I am now developing spider veins on my cheeks"}
{"text": "I\u2019m hoping there is a doctor or someone knowledgeable reading these comments. I have been taking pain pills for years and I experience(not every time, maybe 1 out of every 10 or 15 times) crazy deja vu and it is extremely uncomfortable. It will be either something on the t.v. or just in a room with people when conversations are going on. But I\u2019ll get an extremely uneasy feeling come over me and whatever is happening around me, I will get a sense of having been in that exact scenario before , to the point where I know everything about to be said or everything about to happen in the TV show. And I have to turn away or close my eyes because it makes me physically ill and I can\u2019t watch it. It lasts for 10 or 15 seconds and it\u2019s the worst 10 or 15 seconds in the world. Like I said, I get nauseous, feel like I\u2019m about to be sick, and literally have to change the channel or close my eyes for a few seconds to try and make it go away. Has anyone experienced this and/or does anyone know why this is happening?  Thanks in advance", "title": "Question: I get feelings of d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu\u2026need to close my eyes to make it go away!"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having severe stomach pain. I\u2019ve had endoscopy and colonoscopy. Clear. Has ct scan two weeks ago and it was clear. I can\u2019t eat anything without throwing up and can\u2019t drink anything without throwing up", "title": "Question: I can\u2019t eat anything without throwing up?"}
{"text": "I am 65 year male and have been experiencing weakness in my legs and bouts of dizziness from time to time. An ENT specialist saw no issues and referred me to a neurologist. CT scan conducted on my brain indicated \u201cNo major territory infarct, large gliotic area, mass, hydrocephalus or surface collection seen. Ill defined, small hypo densities noted in bilateral, lentiform nuclei, insular cortices, right internal capsule and the right centrum semiovale/corona radiata. Streak artifacts at the skull base are seen to obscure the brainstem making comments on hypodensities in the brainstem difficult.\u201d The neurologist suggested that my symptoms were early sign of neurological disease which could possibly turn into Parkinson. The doctor put me on Ammantrel 100 mg. After taking the medication my symptoms have not improved, in fact they have become more frequent. Any suggestions as to why I am experiencing this. Additionally, I had an asthma attack about  four months ago and started experiencing weakness in legs and dizziness once I recovered. Beside regular asthma medication I was also placed on Pregablin", "title": "Question: Dizziness but after taking medication it has become more frequent."}
{"text": "I\u2019m a 52 year old women in pretty good health. I just found out I have a parathyroid adenoma and several nodes on my thyroid. I had kidney cancer several years ago (healed with surgery) and then a couple years later,  melanoma was found on my back over my spine about the size of a fifty cent piece. It was removed. I just had a doctors app with an Endocrinologist and he said because I was over 50, he wouldn\u2019t remove the adenoma. I\u2019m confused. Why would it be okay to leave the adenoma, especially with my history with cancer", "title": "Question: 52 year old woman with parathyroid adenoma"}
{"text": "Hello Dr.\nMy mother had two massive strokes last year. She did recover well. And scans were looking normal. In the beginning of the year she started having massive headaches. This week she went for MRI SCANS BRAIN. I need third opinion.  Because two doctors do not have same story. MRI SCAN This is the comments.1. BILATERAL FRONTAL CORTICAL LAMINAR NECROSIS.\n2. BILATERAL MICROAGIOPATHIC CHANGE.\n3. NO SPACE LESIONS OR FEATURES OF INTRACRANIAL METASTASES.I do know if it\u2019s massive brain damage.  And veins brittle.I want to know is my mother\u2019s brain shutting down. Please be open", "title": "Question: My mother has brain damage, doctors have two different opinions?"}
{"text": "I am 48 years old and I am not through menopause yet but have been having menopausal symptoms. My periods are all over the place. Every 20 days\u2026 Then every 46 days.. 34 days.. Then a couple regular ones here and there. I have no children. What are my true odds of getting pregnant naturally and having a normal healthy pregnancy? I get hot flashes sporadically also", "title": "Question: My periods are all over the place?"}
{"text": "Had inguinal hernia that went deep into my scrotum for many years, had open repair surgery 4 days ago. Is it okay that the scrotum is swollen and filled with fluid so much that it appears that the hernia is still there", "title": "Question: Had inguinal hernia\u2026still swollen?"}
{"text": "I have white discharge from my vagina and white discharge underneath my clitoral hood. And my vagina has a pungent odour. My clitoris feels like it is tingling or throbbing all the time. I started taking metronidazole and a probiotic supplement  called  enterogermina. After the first dose of both metronidazole and enterogermina I started having urgency to pee. I feel like I have to pee frequently. My urine does not have a strong odour and it is not cloudy and has a normal light straw colour. I was wondering if urgency to urinate may be a symptom of bacterial vaginosis or if it may be a side effect of metronidazole or enterogermina", "title": "Question:  White discharge from my vagina"}
{"text": "Is this something I should be worried about. I got a  bad sun burn a month ago and this has only gotten worse", "title": "Question:  Bad sun burn\u2026..just got worse"}
{"text": "What are likely causes of a temporarily reduced urine flow rate?62 year old white male. In good health. 5\u2032 10\u2033 (1.77m) tall & 172lbs (78kg).For approx 4 days urine flow rate was noticeably reduced (maybe by 50%). Overall the volume didn\u2019t appear to be affected (just took longer to pass). There was a slight burning sensation (inside the end of my penis) as passed urine. Urine was not cloudy.I\u2019ve had cystitis before, many years ago (caught from my wife). It didn\u2019t seem like cystitis as was not like passing razor blades and didn\u2019t have urge to go very frequently (and from what I recall the flow rate wasn\u2019t affected then anyhow)", "title": "Question: What are likely causes of a temporarily reduced urine flow rate?"}
{"text": "I am 23 year old female i have a huge hair loss issue i have pain in scalp &roots tips of my hairs are also getting broken and damaged there is More then 150 hairs are falling everyday my hair growth is also stopped they r mot growing in length my hemoglobin is 12.7 & i have thyroid & test also a week ago nd they are also negative i don\u2019t even use hair dryer but they are still falling my hair are getting so thing i don\u2019t want blad spaces in my head. it so depressing  pleae help me with this", "title": "Question: My hair is falling\u2026.please help!!!!"}
{"text": "Please help! Auto-immune/Arthritis question: I\u2019m a fit and healthy 33 year old man, but my doctors aren\u2019t able to figure out what is wrong with my left hand and right foot.  I have pain, inflammation and swelling for the past 3 years and often need a crutch to get around. The pain is in my left palm and the pad of my right foot as well as the Achilles tendon, sometimes i have lower back pain and extremely stiff neck muscles. 10 years ago I had a bout of reactive arthritis that went away completely. I seem to feel better the less caffeine/cocoa powder/coffee I have. I\u2019ve also had a scaly patch on my right ankle that comes and goes. Do you know what could be wrong with me", "title": "Question:  Doctors don\u2019t know what\u2019s wrong?"}
{"text": "I would like to know why I get cramps on back, side and my foot which painfully twists to the side with big toe straight up. And why I feel so tired to do simple things like fold clothes or blow dry hair. I\u2019m constantly switching the foot I stand on. Right now my hands and feet hurt and are so sensitive to touch. Please help me figure this out", "title": "Question: why I feel so tired to do simple things like fold clothes\u2026."}
{"text": "I had a fulkerson osteotomy done a month ago know does my incision look infected? it really hurts and is still ope", "title": "Question: Fulkerson Osteotomy\u2026is it infected?"}
{"text": "Had a frenuloplasty operation 2 weeks ago. Last night when i was showering a significant amount of blood started to pour out of the area where the stitches are. I don\u2019t remember bashing, knocking or even touching the area when i noticed the blood. The area does seem a little more sensitive since, but wouldn\u2019t say it was sore.The doctors did say the stitches fully dissolved after 2 weeks so not sure if that could have anything to do with it ? should i be concerned", "title": "Question: Bleeding after frenuloplasty operation"}
{"text": "Hi i have a bad smell from my vagina and heavy  discharge people can smell it standing next to me. I change 3 -4 times a day I use the toilet often and I didn\u2019t get my period but I wipe me and it\u2019s dark pieces of blood and smelly", "title": "Question: Bad smell from my vagina"}
{"text": "For the past, goodness knows how long, I\u2019ve had these waves of sadness which I am oblivious as to where they came from. They come as a down, anchoring feeling(weighing me down), and I cry at least twice during these times. They come unexpectedly, and I really can\u2019t stress how much I don\u2019t know why they happen. However, recently, I\u2019ve started feeling as though my life is utterly pointless, school is stressful (im in my last year, ), and I heard college is the same, and so is getting a job. we never get a break from stress and hardships so I think, what is the point in staying alive if all that\u2019s coming my way is this unrelenting sadness and stress? In short, I want to die. Suicidal, sure. I don\u2019t have the means to do it, however, leaving my friends is something I\u2019d never want to do, but I\u2019ve been told to put my happiness before everyone elses, and this seems to be the only solution. Is this normal for a 15 year old to be feeling", "title": "Question: I feel I want to die\u2026Is this normal for a 15 year old?"}
{"text": "23 years old, have had chest pain for about a year now, starting to have skipped beats and fluttering everynow and then as well, been to 2 heart docs. and have had monitors, ekgs, stress test, echos and all have been normal, am scared to death that i have blockage or something but no one is even listening to me anymore because all doctors tell me I\u2019m perfectly fine, please help i cant live like this!!", "title": "Question: 23 years old, have had chest pain for about a year now"}
{"text": "This is so embarrassing, but recently I have had pubic lice (crabs) from sexual activity. I have used lice shampoo multiple times ,have went through two bottles of lice shampoo on myself in about 2 weeks, and have shaved all hair from the waist down, including pubic,leg hair etc. the itch won\u2019t stop it has been almost a month now, and I\u2019m beginning to wonder if the crabs are still there ,because I have used itching creams and it itches still even then. do you know what might could get rid of the itch for good", "title": "Question: I\u2019m embarrassed, but I have pubic lice.."}
{"text": "Here are a part of my results from CT scan, do I have an issue with my prostate and should I see a urologist ?Prostate shows heterogeneous density and nodular\napex indenting the base of the bladder. It measures about 6.3 x 3.9 x 5.4 cm (CCxAPxW).\nThere is no suspicious pelvic adenopathy", "title": "Question: CT scan shows issue with prostate?"}
{"text": "We have twin 18 years old sons (Robert & Anthony) & we are all british citizens living in Romania.\nLast year Robert had a pain in his left side & after having an MRI scan with a contrast substance\nwas diagnosed as having Hydronephrosis in his left kidney due to a partially blocked ureter.\nThey said it was a defect from birth.\nHe had a laser operation on his ureter,a stent was inserted for 2 1/2 months.\nThis was removed in January this year, he has had no problems since so far.\nThe doctors did say that because he has a twin (Anthony) he also has most likely the same defect.\nAnthony has had no problems & we were in the U.K. for the month of July.\nThe doctors here recommended that they both have a Urography done with contrasting substance.\nWhen we mentioned that Anthony had a mild allergic reaction to penicillin whe he was a child\nthey would not do this Urography unless they both had a short course of drugs prior to this.\nThe drugs are Prednisone 5mg 10 @12hr before, 10 @ 7hr before & 10 @ 1hr before.\n              Tamalis 10mg 1 @ 12hr before & 1 @ 1hr before\n              Xyzal 5mg 1 @ 1hr before & 1 @ 1hr before\n              Famotida 40mg 1 @ 12hr before & 1 @ 1hr before\nThis seems so extreme to us\nMy wifes mother had Prednisone & she became ill & died, So she is totally against these drugs.\nNow that we are back in Romania Anthony has said that his left side hurts a little bit now & again.\nSo we really want to check him over but as I said the doctors here will not do it without a precourse of drugs.\nWe have been to various allergists concerning Anthony.\nI have paid for a private blood & urine tests & now he is not allergic to penicillin but now they say he has e coli.\nAll test/ analasis are done privately & with experience are not the most reliable.\nThey will not OK him for this simple urography.\nHere in Romania the doctors are obsessed with antibiotics & medicines & we are so confused on what to do next.\nI\u2019m not sure how quickly we could get to see a doctor/urologist in England to have this Urograph done.\nAnthony starts his final year of schooling here in 2 weeks & it is the hardest year for him.\nIronically next year starting September 2017 he wants to go to university in U.K.\nIf we can\u2019t find anyone here then I intend to visit England for the urography.\nYours Sincerely", "title": "Question: Twins with Hydronephrosis, E. coli\u2026need urography?"}
{"text": "I have two red puncture marks on my foot in two places with a blister around them there sore and itchy I suspect a house spider bite, I\u2019m also 37 weeks pregnan", "title": "Question: Pregnant with spider bites"}
{"text": "M 25 yr old woman..having pcod..doctr prescribed me normoz n beplex forte\u2026n by only taking dese two medicines m having regular periods from 3 months\u2026dat means i dont have much prblm..n can stop taking medicines after few months?", "title": "Question: I have polycystic ovarian disease..can I stop my medication?"}
{"text": "I have from 3 months an affection on my both sole of my feet. Is like a mushroom, is itchy, and have blisters with liquid. They are painful as well.Thank", "title": "Question: Infection on my both soles of my feet?"}
{"text": "Hi dear doctor i have chest pain after eating any food, for 5 years i have tried many anti acids nothing helped me I have done ecg and it is clear i think that after eating the circulation decreases in my chest area and causes pain and after 2-3 hours pain decreases but it is not gone,  pain killers helps me on that time but not cure my disease", "title": "Question: Chest pain after eating?"}
{"text": "Hello I\u2019m 21 weeks pregnant I\u2019ve got reddish ring circles come up on my head neck chest what are they ? They go and come back each wee", "title": "Question: 21 weeks pregnant I\u2019ve got reddish ring circles\u2026"}
{"text": "I HAVE AN ANXIETY PROBLEM AND I DON\u2019T KNOW WHAT TO DO. I\u2019M SHAKING, NOT EATING, NERVOUS ALL THE TIME AND VERY JUMPY. I\u2019M WEARY TO TALK TO PEOPLE I DON\u2019T KNOW, AND THOSE I DO I SEEM TO BE PUSHING AWAY. I LIVE IN CYPRUS AND WITHOUT BEING ABLE TO PAY PRIVATE CARE THERE IS NO HELP AND I DON\u2019T KNOW WHAT TO DO", "title": "Question: I have an anxiety problem?"}
{"text": "Hello! Last night I was at a festival and tried a lot of food (including crickets!) and at the night, my throat started feeling funny. It felt a bit weird as I attempted to swallow. I woke up with the same feeling so I opened ny mouth and checked in the mirror and saw it! There was a white-ish thing on my throat! Should I be worried? What is it? What causes it and how do I get rid of it?", "title": "Question: White growth in my mouth?"}
{"text": "I had a cyst removed today of the side of my face near the ear (sideburn area). Is it normal for the area to be swollen? Should I apply pressure or just leave it alone? THANK", "title": "Question: I had a cyst removed today of the side of my face\u2026"}
{"text": "I am suffering from Gerd ( Gastroesophageal reflux disease ) and gastric from few years.\nI was depressed when it started but now i don\u2019t feel depressed but whenever i am having some problem\n in life i felt headache. Initially i went to doctor who told me it\u2019s caused by depression and anxiety but i\nthought it is a problem of stomach, how can it be related to depression and anxiety. He prescribed me some\nmedicines ( for morning \u2013 proton pump inhibitors like nexium \u2014 which he kept changing monthly \u2026..\nAnd for night he prescribed me some anti-depressant medicine ) . Meanwhile i take a morning\nmedication for sometime, which was not effective , then for sometime i started taking medicine\nfor night and day . after which i started feeling some good . After that i myself started talking\n an anti depressant (Escitalopram) at night only for years , i canceled the morning medication,\nnow everything is fine . But the problem is if i am stopping having anti depressant medicine for\neven a single day, i am having same kind of feeling , same Gerd ( Gastroesophageal reflux disease ),\n burping, gases, stomach pain \u2013 which was at starting moment ? Now what should i do ?Test done \u2013 Endoscopy and ultrasound- which shows stomach is in good conditio", "title": "Question: Gastroesophageal reflux disease and antidepressants?"}
{"text": "I am trying to identify the type of person that originates/initiates/breeds the new cold virus.  Not those transmitted or how but the characteristics/demographics of the person the generates the new one that then gets transmitted.  I have searched far and wide but this question is never ever addressed", "title": "Question: Identifying source of new cold virus"}
{"text": "I took my husband to a doctor he never seen he put a glove on and put his fingers in his anus for a couple seconds walked to his desk and said you have cancer I am 99.9 % sure .could you tell me how accurate this is", "title": "Question: Rectal exam\u2026you have cancer?"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been having severe abdominal pain associated with bowel movements it hurts so bad at times I loose my breath and it takes over 30 mins to finally have a bowel movement and it switches from constipation to diarrhea and I still don\u2019t get relief it began when I was pregnant with my second child and its been going on for about 2 years I also developed severe anxiety and insomnia around the same time and have had high blood pressure and I don\u2019t know if its connected and I don\u2019t know what to d", "title": "Question: Severe abdominal pain associated with bowel movements"}
{"text": "I gave birth 6 weeks ago since then I have been having pains in my legs chest and back. I have had many d dimmer tests done and 2 chest xrays all fine. Is there a chance something could of been missed", "title": "Question: I gave birth 6 weeks ago\u2026pain in my legs chest and back"}
{"text": "I missed my period for 3 months now and haven\u2019t had sex so am not pregnant\u2026.but why is that", "title": "Question: Missed my period for 3 months now"}
{"text": "I think I may have bacterial Vaginosis but am not sure. I recently had a new sexual partner, (always with protection apart from once for a few seconds) and also recently came off of my period once leaving a tampon in for too long overnight. Since these events I have noticed a thick white discharge which smells fishy and metallic accompanied by some itching around the vaginal entrance. I am using canesten for the itch but am not sure how to solve the rest of the problem. I am very prone to thrush but it\u2019s never had an odour before and the discharge is thicker. I am also slightly concerned that it could be gonorrhea. I am currently traveling in Cambodia so it is difficult for me to have access to good health care", "title": "Question: I think I may have bacterial Vaginosis"}
{"text": "After having my son 7 years ago my c section is numb and my stomach is numb too, I am overweight but have lost 2 stone in the last 2 years yet my stomach has never changed!! It\u2019s very depressing and I don\u2019t know how else to get rid of my stomach , my only other option would be a tummy tuck but that would be something I\u2019d need from NH", "title": "Question: After giving birth 7 years ago, c section and stomach numb?"}
{"text": "Dear Doctor, Please help. My 3 Year Old boy has fever. He feels pain at abdomen. Coughs. Vomits whatever eats. Really gone weak. Fever since 6 days. Sometime Fever sometimes not. I am really worried. Please help", "title": "Question: My 3 Year Old boy has fever for 6 days?"}
{"text": "My name is (\u2026) i have a boy name (\u2026) 18m old & 11kg, suffered from (syndrome d\u2019Aicardi-Goutleres(610181))with Seizure. I give him keppra 500mg 2 tablet daily,& rivotril 0.5mg 1.5 tablet twice a day plz I want to know more about given this Medicine to my son because some time i feel that Seizure returning to him plz answer.\nThanks a lot", "title": "Question: My son has syndrome Aicardi\u2013Gouti\u00e8res"}
{"text": "I face a big problem it start from three years and no advance in my case i have problem with muscle in the neck and inflammation and tension in all head part i have no disc they said that because of stress so i took antidepressant with different type acupuncture physiotherapy natural medication CBT different muscle relaxant neuron medication\nand now all this issue affect my life my thinking i become stress of small issue can think well and my case i see it worsen more and more i do 3 mri for brain and neck and nothing thanks god appear, so what can i do because i see doctors try everything and the pain still there and now the problem i have this pain in a whole day please tell me what to do", "title": "Question: Neck inflammation and head tension\u2026affecting my life"}
{"text": "I am 22 years old yesterday I noticed that I have a really dark purple spot that\u2019s tender and soft on the bottom of my right breast area there\u2019s no bump and there\u2019s not really much pain just a little bit but it is really purple I thought it could be a boil but there\u2019s no head no where to pop it or anything so I\u2019m not sure of what it could be?", "title": "Question: Dark purple spot on breast"}
{"text": "Other than simply elevating his head or giving lots of fluids, are there any newer cold and flu remedies for infants and kids that I can use with my sons? It\u2019s a mild cold with some sneezing, slight cough and congestion", "title": "Question: Newer cold and flu remedies for infants?"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 18.I have fever and body ache and eye pain shivers while in bed\ni drank 600 ml alcohol drink yesterday\nmy fever is not going away from yesterday 10:00pm to 8am already\ni dont know what to do im scared it never happened before\nthis i the most ive ever drunk which is one of the few times\nalso i did intermittent fasting the other 2 weeks\ni have taken water and charcoal activated and electrolytes cause i had severe diarrhea\nvisited the toiled 4-5 times now my bowel is like empty\nthe fever and pain  wont go away what to do\nnow my palm got numbing I\u2019m scared\nplease hel", "title": "Question: I have fever and body ache and eye pain shivers"}
{"text": "My periods are really heavy and I can\u2019t go nowhere without blood leaking Thru my clothes in in the pill that reduce bleeding but it\u2019s not working and when I stand up my blood just pour everywhere and it\u2019s embarrassing I\u2019m at that stage where I\u2019m too scared to stand up so I have to sit down everywhere now and I\u2019m going to the toilet like 10-15 times s day , is there anything that can help please", "title": "Question: Heavy period\u2026it\u2019s embarrasing"}
{"text": "I am 18. 160lb. 67 inches. I would say my resting heart rate is around 60.\nI had taken 20mg IR Adderall for studying. About 4 hours later I went to play basketball. After about an hour of intense play, I decided to stop because my heart rate was unusually high (200+ bpm) and I was completely drained of energy, which was weird because I usually play for about 3 hours no problem. I laid down waiting for my bpm to drop back to normal but it stayed reasonably high. I was also still breathing really hard. After about 10 minutes I decided to sit up against a wall. Then I started to feel very uncomfortable.\nMy torso, arms, and face were very tingly.\nMy hands were pretty numb (I struggled to hold on to my phone).\nMy chest felt tight.\nI was still breathing hard.\nI barely had the energy to keep my eyes open, and after about 25 minutes I decided to stand up and leave. When I got up I felt very disoriented and dizzy. I struggled to keep my balance as I walked to my car. I sat there for about 20 more minutes and when the symptoms toned a bit down I drove home (30 min). When I got out of my car to walk to my dorm (3 blocks away), my symptoms came rushing back. I was struggling to swallow my saliva. I had to stop every 50 feet or so to catch my breath. When I got to my room I sat in a chair for about 25 min and the tingling feeling in my face/arms/torso, went away but the tightness in my chest stayed. Every time I take a breath it feels like I can\u2019t inhale my full capacity.\nIs this issue possibly life threatening", "title": "Question: After taking Adderall, heart rate high, breathing hard, feeling dizzy?"}
{"text": "Hello I am currently undiagnosed and am needing some advice/ possible diagnosis on my health. It started 9 years ago when I was admitted to ICU with Pericarditis, Pleural Effusion, Cardiac Tamponade. My symptoms only started about a week before admission- extreme fatigue, Spardiac episodes of SOB, low grade Temp. I ended up having pericardial window, > 500cc drained from around my heart. I was in the hospital for about 3 weeks and was told by the different specialists that they didn\u2019t have a diagnosis- didn\u2019t know what caused it. I was told my labs were ok except my CXR showed a large granuloma in my lung. Again they don\u2019t know why I had a granuloma and they said that it was nothing to worry about. Well one physician said he would \u201cbet\u201d I had Lupus. A few weeks after being discharged I had episode of chest pain and shortness of breath. Again I was told everything came back normal. I had 2 more episodes of the same symptoms with same answers except this time they were going to try Ibuprofen and Colchicine. I stayed on the medication for about 3 months and my symptoms seemed to go away. I was discharged from cardiology and medication changed to PRN. I only had a few episodes of chest pain and shortness of breath for 7 years. Then about a year ago I started experiencing joint issues- ankle, feet, and hand and wrist. I had difficult time walking, and nodule appeared on thumb joint- X-rays showed no fractures and was finally referred to a Rheumatologist. I was at appointment and my feet and hands were bright red- looked like I had burned, and felt that way too. They had no idea what was wrong either- I have had Raynauds episodes in the past but my hands would always be cold and blue and when I got them warmed up \u2013 they still felt cold. I had never felt like my hands and feet were on fire, swollen. Labs were done and the only a normal level was my ACE test. My burned hands/ feet symptoms continued regularly everyday. When I went back for F/U appt. Rheumatologist still didn\u2019t know what was wrong but did say she \u201cthought\u201d I had Sjogrens ( can\u2019t spell-sorry) but I thought a high ACE could indicate Sarcoidosis? She did do a repeat CXR and granuloma was still present and large with no changes- I was put on plaquenil bid. I had some lab work about a month ago- only abnormal was a high RBC \u2013 and still no diagnosis. I almost gave up that day trying to figure out what was going on with me- but now I\u2019m starting to have sporadic episodes of shortness of breath. I honestly don\u2019t know where to turn to or what to do anymore. Any advice would be much appreciated", "title": "Question: Sporadic episodes of shortness of breath, feet and hands bright red?"}
{"text": "For the past week now my heart has been pounding really non stop. I can\u2019t even sleep with it like this. I have been getting like little short pains in (my left side) of my chest, arm, leg and foot. I\u2019m also have been feeling my arm and leg get more tingling feeling in them. Also I\u2019ve been getting dizzy whenever I\u2019m up or even laying down.  I\u2019m terrified. This doesn\u2019t feel normal. I had Kawasaki disease (don\u2019t know how to spell it) when I was little (around five) and I had to have a lab made plasma for that but they did save me and said I should be ok.\nI don\u2019t know if this has to do with what\u2019s going on or not.\nI did get my heart to slow a little bit last night but then woke up with it pounding where I  thought it would pound out of my chest or something\nMy mom thinks its all in my head. Its not.  This is very terrifying for me ):\nHope someone can hel", "title": "Question: For the past week now my heart has been pounding really non stop"}
{"text": "I have a big wound on side of my foot, yellow pus,liquid flowing out always, tried antibiotics 10 days no help blood sugar ok help please.", "title": "Question: Large growth on foot."}
{"text": "I was raped about 2 weeks ago. Immediately after i got very itchy. I did not know i was not supposed to scratch and scratched to the point where my skin was raw and burning. Later in the week my boyfriend and I had sex and it burned to urinate where I had been scratching. Then the same day we had sex again and i started bleeding after. Is it an STI", "title": "Question: Rape victim asks, Is it STI?"}
{"text": "Hi. I am feeling an occasional numb sensation at my right abdomen. It just comes and goes without anything special done. Both my appetite and bowel movement is normal and the numbness does not obstruct with my daily routine or exercise. There\u2019s no pain upon pressure or contact and no redness or bumps or anything strange about that area. What is going on", "title": "Question: Numb sensation right abdomen"}
{"text": "What is wrong with me?Symptoms began: 9 months agoSymptoms detail:\nI have passed out 8 times since November of last year. I also have had an unexplained weight loss of 20lbs. I was in the hospital for 2 nights this week, they did an ECHO a stress test, an electrolyte workup, and a urinary analysis. I have also had an MRI, countless EKGs, an EEG, and had a ZIO patch. All have come back negative. I have seen a neurologist and a cardiologist. I have continued working with my therapist but she doesn\u2019t think that these are related to psychological problems. It\u2019s frustrating because this has significantly impacted my functioning as I lost a scholarship and can\u2019t attend school without it. Directly after the stress test I fainted. They were able to get my blood pressure which was normal and my heart rate, a bit accelerated but returning to normal. It was rather easy for me to get my pulse up to 199. I feel like it\u2019s almost TOO easy to get my heart rate to accelerate\u2026 when I stand up my pulse will race to 120-130. The nurse made a note that I had stiff muscles during the faint which lasted 4 minutes. This time, when I passed out I was aware of everything happening around me but was too weak/unable to respond. I had a headache directly after coming too, which was sensitive to sound and light.On Monday I passed out twice and felt VERY fatigued. Upon regaining consciousness the second time I felt as if an elephant was sitting in the middle of my chest, 7/10 and taking deep breaths exacerbated the problem . I typically feel a bit disorientated and as if the room is spinning but not in any pain after I pass out. My left leg felt tingly and 10ish minutes after passing out as the paramedics evaluated me my left shoulder felt like I had pulled it, and was in pain 8.75/10. The chest pain dulled out and was no longer noticeable 10 hours later when I was admitted to the hospital. also upon arousing my vision remained cloudy and dark, as well as being sensitive to light.The night after I pass out I typically experience lower back pain and pain in the right side of the neck, but this might be related to the stress of fainting.Case Summary:\nEthnic background: Pacific IslanderCurrent medications:\nflintstones complete 1 time daily for multi-vitamin\nlevothyroxine 50mcg 1 time daily for Hypothrodism\nSertraline 200mg 1 time daily for depression / anxiety\nthorne 5-MTHF 1 mg 1 time daily\nBody systems affected:\nWhole body (Primary Body Area Affected)\nEyes or vision\nHead or neck\nBreathing\nHeart or cardiovascular\nNeurologicalCurrent medications:\nflintstones complete 1 time daily for multi-vitamin\nlevothyroxine 50mcg 1 time daily for Hypothrodism\nSertraline 200mg 1 time daily for depression / anxiety\nthorne 5-MTHF 1 mg 1 time daily\nProblems with specific body parts or systems:\nWhole body (Primary Body Area Affected)\nEyes or vision\nblurred vision after coming too\ntunnel vision 3 seconds before passing out\nlight sensitivity\noccasionally see doubleHead or neck\nmy right side of  the neck hurts night after passing out\nlight and sound sensitivity after coming toBreathing\nchest pain worsened by deep breathingHeart or cardiovascular\neasy to raise heart rateNeurological\nsyncope\nspinning roomPersonal medical history:\nI was born with congenital hypotonia. I am diagnosed with Aspergers syndrome. I also  have hypothyroidism. This was my first time being hospitalized.\n I had a turbinate reduction surgery in may 2016. And when i was little ear tubes were placed in 2000.\ni have an allergy to latex and had a  bad reaction to steroids.Family medical history:\nMy family is relatively healthy with 2 of my great-grandmothers living past 90, all of my grandparents and their siblings are still living. my grandfather has some heart problems but I am unaware of what it is exactly. no sudden or cardiac related deaths.Personal lifestyle:\nI used to be a student at the University of Portland but lost my scholarship due to this illness. I had attended a very prestigious and rigorous high school and never had any problems, even while taking classes for college credit (VIA. the AP program). I never smoked or drank alcohol. There is absolutely no chance that I am pregnant as I abstain from sex. I am as innocent as they come with no bad habits. I exercise regularly on the treadmill walking a mile every day for 15 minutes and walk all over campus, but would definitely not call myself athletic. I eat a normal diet, though will not be the first to admit that I could eat better, with the occasional doughnut, ice cream and cupcake thrown in.Diagnostic or imaging test abnormalities:\nInnumerable tests have been performed without any abnormalities being found. Had countless EKGs without any abnormalities, standard blood and urine workup with nothing, every time I went to the ER (7 times now). Wore a Zio patch for 2 weeks and did not experience an episode during that time. Have had an ECHO and stress test done, with nothing abnormal being found (aside from fainting directly after the stress test was performed). Had an EEG done and 2 MRIs one with contrast for the blood vessels.\u200bSecondary or partial diagnoses:\npalpitationssyncopePersonal struggle:\nI have lost my scholarship because I went to the ER every week for 3 weeks. I can\u2019t attend my school without it and until I feel confident in a solution to the problem, I don\u2019t feel like I can productively return to my studies. Without my return to school insight, I have lost numerous friendships and my first boyfriend. I used to be a strong believer in God but with all that is happening I truly\u200b doubt that he would do this to someone who has been nothing but faithful to him", "title": "Question: Unexplained fainting, weight loss, stiff muscles"}
{"text": "Hello, I am 26 years old and I am experiencing chest discomfort. First and foremost, I am very aware of my own heartbeat. I can feel it thumping in my chest. Occasionally, I feel a sharp pain in the left part of my breast bone, and some burning pain in my left arm. I am not having a hard time breathing, however, sometimes when I take a deep breathe, I feel a sharp pain as well. Sometimes this pain radiates to my back. Sometimes, I will feel air move so I will make myself belch in order to relieve some pressure. I have been feeling like this the past few nights and I am wondering if I should be concerned. During the day, though I am still aware of my heart palpitating, I do not experience discomfort. It is mostly in the evenings when I am resting. Is there cause for concern", "title": "Question: I am experiencing chest discomfort"}
{"text": "I am a 20 year old male who for the past month has been having trouble to start urination at times, some days its normal and some days I get trouble. I have had no surgery, on no meds, no sexual encounter", "title": "Question: I have difficulty urinating"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with a candida albicans in May, I used emergency contraceptives as at then but I treated it with ciprofloxacin antibiotic. I also started using cotton pants, took care of my vagina too. Then last month July, I went to the clinic and retook the test hoping it would come out clean. Then they said I have a staph infection. It was moderate and I took the same antibiotics they prescribed. I did not have any symptoms but I treated it any way. Then, earlier this month, I had cattarh which I also treated with an antibiotic. Now, I am four days late from seeing my period. I am very scared, I don\u2019t think I am pregnant because I check with a strip 2 days ago and it tested negative. I\u2019m just very scared because I feel it was the infection that is delaying my period and its messing with my system inside. How dangerous are staph infections, and why have I not seen my period", "title": "Question: I was diagnosed with candida albicans in May"}
{"text": "I\u2019ve been struggling with adult acne/breakouts for 3 years now. I was on Accutane for 7 months and that did not help so my dermatologist told me to try going back on birth control.  I have been on 2 different BCs the last 4 months and I am still breaking out. Aspri and Ortho Cyclen.  I have noticed that the week before my period is the week my skin is the clearest. This is the case on and off BC/other dermatologist prescribed medicines.  My question is, what hormones are more prevalent or less prevalent the week before someone gets their period? And is there a BC that mimics those levels of hormones all month long? Are there any specific tests I can get to pinpoint hormonal issues? Hope I am making sense I\u2019ve tried the following to help with my adult acne:Accutane\nVarious topicals prescribed by derm\nKeflax\nOver the counter\nDiet changes \u2013 cutting out dairy and gluten, limiting sugar\nBirth Contro", "title": "Question: Adult acne problems"}
{"text": "I just overdosed on 100mg setraline,  120mg chlorpheniramin, 100mg cetirizine, 1000mg ibuprofen and 20mg metachlorpramide. Will i need medical attention or is it not fatal", "title": "Question: I just overdosed"}
{"text": "I am a 49 yr old male, in good shape and used to physical activities.  Last four weeks I\u2019ve had a soreness in both my thighs and knees, but only when I flex the muscles. Standing or sitting I feel nothing, but sitting down is very painful, from the knees and halfway up the front of the thighs. It is very similar to the soreness you get the day after a hard workout in the gym. No swelling, no fever, no rash, no hot areas. No medication and no activities for weeks, but the pain still remains", "title": "Question: Soreness in both my thighs and knees"}
{"text": "My mom is in depression, she doesn\u2019t eat too much, barely talks, just do everything what others says, which wasn\u2019t the case in normal situation. She has been depressed before and all the times we took her hospital for treatment. I am asking is treatment at home possible", "title": "Question: My mom is in a depression\u2026what can I do?"}
{"text": "I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia 18 months ago. I was diagnosed by a rheumatologist. I had numerous blood test and chest x rays before being diagnosed.\nI was just wondering if I should have had a mri as well to rule out anything else.  Especially as I had a fall down the stairs around the time I became unwell.\nShould I ask my gp about a mri", "title": "Question: MRI for fibromyalgia?"}
{"text": "For approximately three months, I have been having sharp, stabbing chest pains on the right side. They occur behind my breast, towards my back and only when lying down. Sometimes I have a tightness when not lying down. I have kept a food journal and have not identified any correlations. I have had a chest x ray and and ultrasound and both showed nothing. I have had bloodwork done for celiac, my pancrease and just general work ups and all my levels are find. I have an endoscopy next week. A round of prilosec did not help nor do anti-inflammatories. My PCP does not appear super concerned and is not best at outreaching me when results come in. I did see a GI specialist, who thinks this is not GI related. What other directions should I go i", "title": "Question: Sharp, stabbing chest pains on the right side"}
{"text": "Hi, I have Typhoid since last 15 days. Earlier my doctor treated me for viral and when no signs of improvement were seen I was given a course of typhoid medication which lasted 1 week with little improvement like earlier I used to have fever around 100-103 all day and I had to take a Dolo 650 every 5 hrs to keep it down. Now I take half Dolo 650 twice a day and the fever is also around 100.\nMy 3 days back widal test reports show that\nTyphi o \u2013 1/160\nTyphi h- 1/160\nAh- 1/80\nBh- 1/40\nMy earlier reports were the same that were taken 10 days back, just the AH value was 1/40.\nI think the doctor is just trying to mint money from me as he working in the hospital and I have to visit him because I was admitted last month for hemolysis due to medicinal reaction caused by g6pd deficiency in blood. I think he is lootng me because the chemist told me that the new medicines given by him are better and I would see immediate relief.\nAlso, the doctor said we will admit him if he doesn\u2019t gets well in 5 days.The medicines in earlier prescription are\nOmnapil 200- twice a day\nVsl3 bd \u2013 once a day\nOflox 200- twice a dayThe medicine in newer prescription are-Vencid Dsr- once a day\nOflin 200- twice a day\nCeftum 500 \u2013 twice a dayPlease tell me is my treatment going right?  I have heard that ciprofloxacin is given in typhoid so that the bacteria in gall bladder is killed and the Typhoid doesn\u2019t come back again. Please tell me as this hospital has already taken a lot of money from me and now I cannot trust them woth my health as i feel they treat patients like costumers.\nHelp", "title": "Question: I have Typhoid since last 15 days"}
{"text": "I am a 43 year old female. I have been having a fever for more than a week now.I have been seeing a doctor and a blood test and urine and blood culture was conducted.Everything was fine except that my antinuclear antibody result was higher than normal.Should i be worried and seek futher treatment since when i looked online it said that a positive antinuclear antibody reading can be a result of a viral infection .So should i wait a few more days and take some rest or should i seek immediate medical attention", "title": "Question: Positive antinuclear antibody test\u2026what should I do?"}
{"text": "i! I am a 56-year-old female who is a chef in a very busy restaurant in NY. I get a full physical annually. Hey, at my age it is all about maintenance and early detection. I am 5\u20198\u2033 tall and small-boned. I am half Dominican/West Indian and half German. Up until last year, my bloodwork and colonoscopy results showed no alarming signs. I was perimenopausal with 2 very juicy fibroids that caused me to be temporarily anemic due to months of near hemorrhaging which was relieved through laparoscopic hysterectomy. I recovered quickly and returned to work, but thought that I had sciatica and arthritic knees. This was due to a significant weight gain. I was weighing in at 220 pounds, the heaviest I\u2019ve ever been. No wonder my knees hurt, right?\nAnyway, enough background info. Here is the present issue. My most recent bloodwork resulted in a diagnosis of being prediabetic. Many Americans are getting this news from their primary physicians these days, but I was apparently dangerously there. I was sent to a nutritionist and have been following instructions religiously. I lost 40 pounds fairly rapidly and lowered my numbers to my physician\u2019s satisfaction and delight. HERE IS THE PRESENT PROBLEM. I have lost an additional 13 pounds and have been told by those who I trust that it is time to stop losing weight. My father and boyfriend are a bit concerned that this is getting out of hand and worry that I may develop an eating disorder. After a lifetime of being a voluptuous gal, I can NOT believe that this is happening. However, I am educated, well-read and am well-aware of what this problem can become and am desperately in need of sound medical advice.\nHow do I maintain the necessary, carb-conscious eating habit which has now become second nature, yet stop losing weight? Is it about an occasional slice of pizza or bowl of rice? Should I be terrified of regaining weight? Because I am but I know that I must address this issue before a problem develops.\nThe weight loss has to stop without a weight gain taking place. How do I do this? HELP!!", "title": "Question: I lost too much weight. How do I stop?"}
{"text": "What would be wrong with a little four year old when he has carrots and it gives him diarrhea with in 30 min and the next few days after effects his behavior and his anus is red and sore. Is this an allergy and would this be harming his intestines as he complains about his stomach hurting, he is allergic to many things as well as being anaphylactic to many foods.  I worry that he has colitis or something like it", "title": "Question: 4 year old is allergic to carrots?"}
{"text": "Have pretty bad pain in my thoracic, neck too but thoracic is very bad. The pain goes through to my chest and this is on the left side. Have done stress test and EKG to rule out heart. Have done xrays AND MRIs and each area, lumbar, thoracic and cervical. I\u2019m a 54 year old male and these images show not much more than degeneration of about a 60 year old. I also have some tingling on my left side and under my left armpit. Just had facets injections at T5-T7 with zero results. 12 years ago I had a herniated disk in low back, had epidural and has been relatively ok in low back. Occasional minor pain but nothing major. ALOT of pain in my thoracic near shoulder blade\u2026.worse when sitting or trying to reach up or behind my back. I\u2019ve been to 3 different ortho doctors and all are somewhat baffled", "title": "Question: Bad pain in my thoracic \u2013 orthopedic doctors baffled"}
{"text": "My granddaughter is overweight. She is five years old. When I am with her she doesn\u2019t eat very much. How can she be overweight when she  hardly eats", "title": "Question: Overweight 5 year old girl?"}
{"text": "Hi i am 24 years old . I am pregnant 22 weeks now . I have an abnormal discharge during my pregnancy. The third time of the abnormal discharge i get tested. And the results found bacteria diplococcus gram negative. So my husband get tested too with his urine. But the results found out nothing. I have been monogamous on this relationship five years. I don\u2019t have sex with anyone except my husband. How come i am the only one who get infected ? My gynecologist told me its possible get it from public toilet because during pregnancy immune system is weak . Is that true", "title": "Question: Abnormal discharge during my pregnancy"}
{"text": "Hello sir or mam. My name is (\u2026)  age 19. I have very small chest frame size and very very small hand bone size  looks like a stick and also poor muscles.If you talk about diet.I take a good healthy diet and fruit also.I have tried everything sir every single thing like a good diet, workout, and every type of supplements like proteinex, mass gainer,enduramass.But I did not gained a single kg. My height is normal 5 feet 2 inches.I look so thin and despite my age I look like a 12 year old child.I feel ashamed.Is this a growth hormone deficiency problem? Can hgh injections cure me. Please help", "title": "Question: I look like a 12 year old child but am 19 years old?"}
{"text": "I am 25 years old, weight: 95 kg, height: 1.63 m, smoking.\nTwo years ago I moved to Berlin.\nAbout a year and a half I started to feel unclear pains in the middle of the chest (between the breasts) and middle back, usually at night. Pains that wake me from my sleep.\nAt the first time I went to the doctor, he thought that it is Heartburn, and gave me medication which did not help (Germany: pantoprazol AAA 40mg). In addition, I tried everything to easy the pain: cucumber, baking soda, almonds, etc. At the same time some medicines that should immediately treat heartburn. Note that on nights when the pain came, there was no direct connection between what I ate before bed or while eating (in most cases did not eat dinner). Last week, the pain appeared during the day, and after that I presented to the doctor all the medicines I took, he came to the conclusion that it\u2019s not heartburn.\nDetails of the drugs:\n(Germany): Riopan Magengel\n(Germany): Pantozol\nCalcium carbonate 750mgUltrasound examination showed that I have a large stone in the gallbladder. However, blood tests showed that everything is fine, the stone does not interfere and it should not cause the pain.\nCurrently, when writing these words, I feeling pain, and the painkillers that the doctor gave me, doesn\u2019t work.\nTwo weeks ago I had general blood tests and they were normal.\nWhat could it be and how I go from here? Is it connected to the overweight", "title": "Question: Pain in middle of chest?"}
{"text": "I am a 27 year old male. I am a (\u2026) by profession and I wanted some expert advice regarding my Blood Pressure. i was diagnosed with excessive blood pressure at the age of 19 and have been prescribed different medicine ever since. Initially I was on Inderol but later I was prescribed exforge by a different doctor. My normal BP range is around 160 by 115. Are there any natural ways of controlling my BP", "title": "Question: How to control my high blood pressure?"}
{"text": "Hello, I am an adolescent girl and I have been experiencing problems with my bladder.  I often drip urine when I don\u2019t feel I have to go. This happens when I\u2019m sitting, standing, walking, running, playing, or even sleeping. By the end of the day, my underwear is soaked with unnecessary urine. I have tried numerous things, such as going to the bathroom even when I don\u2019t have to go, and changing my underwear regularly. If you can help it would be great. Thank you in advance", "title": "Question: Experiencing problems with my bladder"}
{"text": "I live in the Miami Area,  I have a fever, small rash, muscle pain, itchy red eyes,and terrible headache. Can it be Zika", "title": "Question: I have fever\u2026is it Zika Virus?"}
{"text": "In 2009, I had a surgery of a tethered spinal cord, with a lipoma of the filum terminalle.\nA few months ago, I started having strong back pain again, headaches (diagnosed as tension headaches), muscle spams in my legs. More recently, i started having a very strong pain in my legs. It is stronger closer to my hips and it extends through my legs.\nI haven\u2019t taken an MRI in around 3 years.\nShould I go to a neurosurgeon? Do you think my spinal cord has rethered, since i have grown quite a lot since the surgery", "title": "Question: Pain returns after tethered spinal cord surgery?"}
{"text": "I don\u2019t get sick very often because I don\u2019t go out my house much.  But whenever I\u2019m around someone who is sick, I almost always get it.  Once I\u2019m sick, I can\u2019t leave my bed, the weakness and sore throats are crippling.  Also every time I get sick  I get horrible post nasal drip and chest congestion at night that leave me miserable.  I see people who are sick all the time who go to work, and are out and about.  They may not feel the greatest but they have the ability to get up.  It feels like I\u2019m completely debilitated when I\u2019m sick.  Why is this? Does it has something to do with the strength of my immune system", "title": "Question: I\u2019m completely debilitated when I\u2019m sick, why?"}
{"text": "Hi! Would you be able to take a look at this? I am currently a nursing student. I saw this video on facebook and thought it might be Stiff Person Syndrome. But his body seems to be too stiff and it was said on the description that his body feels hard and that the boy is also blind. They are looking for help and I wanted to help them with finding out what is happening to the child. I\u2019ve done a bit or research but nothing came up that suits the description of this young boy. Thank you in advance!(function(d, s, id) {\n  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];\n  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;\n  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;\n  js.src = \"//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.7&appId=858573637603367\";\n  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);\n}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Posted by Tandayag Jarily on Friday, July 29, 201", "title": "Question: One year old blind boy can\u2019t move..please help?"}
{"text": "Hello, I have had a cornea transplant nearly 1 year ago, and had woke up 4 days ago with red eye in the treated eye, i have been to see my specialist who advised that its in the early stages of rejection and needs to be treated with steroid drops (Something in which I\u2019m steroid receptive, meaning i also need to take another drop to reduce the pressure), but my concern at the moment, is i have extremely cloudy vision in that eye since the redness, should I be worried", "title": "Question: Red eye after cornea transplant?"}
{"text": "Hello my names (\u2026), I\u2019m 22 years old, 6\u20331 190 poundsi want to know if i should be concerned about a possible serotonin syndrome, Ive been abusing a drug called coricidin cough and cold for about 2 years now, taking a 480 mg dosage of DXM daily.\nI notice that i get very tired throughout the proceeding day of coming off the drug, unless i take it again. I also notice that i get more sick, day by day, if i don\u2019t use it.. I have gone a full week or two without using it, but my problems get more severe as the longer i sober up. My withdraw symptoms are heavy sweating, random muscle spasms and twitches, sleep paralysis of which makes me fear sleeping. I have a sharp pain where my breast are, it starts to hurt the more i sober up, but once i take them again the pain goes away.\nMy heart rate seems to be irregular often times. do i need medical attention? should i be concerned? I\u2019m going to stop today and i want to know if there\u2019s anything i can or should do to help my withdraw symptoms.I am prescribed 20 mg lisinopril,due to my high blood pressure and hypertension. I\u2019m 22 years old and my blood pressure is always high. usually 100-110 / 150-170.Should i be taking lisinopril? A couple weeks ago i was driving on my way to the dentist, and i had a strange occurrence. My fingers starting locking up, than it spread to my hands, arms, feet, and legs. my body was locked, i was unable to move my fingers and toes. My hands were like a fist, i literally had to use all my energy juts to move one finger. after 10 minutes my body calmed down and i was okay", "title": "Question: I\u2019ve been abusing a drug called coricidin cough and cold for about 2 years now"}
{"text": "My mother is 48 years old. I think she is suffering from varicose vein. She is having a lot of pain in her both legs.\nLast year she saw some blue marks on her legs. Please tell me some treatment for it", "title": "Question: Pain in Legs \u2013 Varicose veins?"}
{"text": "Los viajeros que regresan de las zonas afectadas por el virus Zika deben abstenerse de tener relaciones sexuales o tener relaciones sexuales protegidas de \u2018al menos ocho semanas \u201c, y no s\u00f3lo cuatro, ahora dice que la OMSEn sus nuevas recomendaciones para la prevenci\u00f3n de la transmisi\u00f3n sexual del virus Zika, la Organizaci\u00f3n Mundial de la Salud a\u00f1ade que la gente debe esperar \u201cseis meses si la pareja masculina tiene s\u00edntomas \u2018.\u2026 Se requiere .Este per\u00edodo de tiempo para asegurarse de que la infecci\u00f3n ha desaparecido del cuerpo y que el virus no se puede transmitir (\u2026) a la pareja \u201c, explic\u00f3 portavoz de la OMS Cristiano Lindmeier.El virus Zika se asocia con Am\u00e9rica Latina a una explosi\u00f3n de hydrencephaly, una malformaci\u00f3n grave e irreversible que se caracteriza por un tama\u00f1o anormalmente peque\u00f1o cr\u00e1neo, as\u00ed como las enfermedades neurol\u00f3gicas en los adultos, incluyendo el s\u00edndrome de Guillain-Barr\u00e9", "title": "Nada de sexo despu\u00e9s de los Juegos Ol\u00edmpicos de Brasil \u2026 al menos por un tiempo."}
{"text": "Scientists have found that sugar is addictive and stimulates the same pleasure centers of the brain as cocaine or heroin. Since sugar is addictive: the more you use it \u2013 the more you need it \u2013 the more you need it \u2013 the more you use it \u2013  and it goes on and on and on\u2026.White refined sugar-is not a food. It is a pure chemical extracted from plant sources, purer in fact than cocaine, which it resembles in many ways. Its true name is sucrose and its chemical formula is C12H22O11. It has 12 carbon atoms, 22 hydrogen atoms, 11 oxygen atoms, and absolutely nothing else to offer.Sugar has Zero nutrientsSugar has Zero proteinSugar has Zero healthy fatsSugar has Zero enzymesExcessive unhealthy food and sugars-sweetened soft drink consumption has been linked to weight gain, as it provides a major and unnecessary source of calories with little or no nutritional value. Sugar-sweetened drinks have also been associated with several health problems.According to the  British Journal Of Sports Medicine. \u201cSugar and carbohydrates are the real culprits in the obesity epidemic\u2026 not the lack of physical activity\u201d.According to the National Institutes of Health, obesity and overweight together are the second leading cause of preventable death in the United States, close behind tobacco use. An estimated 300,000 deaths per year are due to the obesity epidemic", "title": "Sugar is a silent killer."}
{"text": "Hi! I\u2019m (\u2026), and I\u2019m 17 years old.\nEver since I was little, my legs would have this weird brownish discoloration, especially on my left leg. My left leg is also visibly darker than my right leg.\nI have this weird sensitivity to water. Whenever I come in contact with water (i.e. showering) or when I sweat, my legs turn red..\nI want to know the cause and how I can stop this. I tried to explain to my doctor about this, but she just told me it was normal discoloration. But it\u2019s not.\nThank you so much", "title": "Question: Brownish discoloration on my left leg?"}
{"text": "My husband has had acid reflux for months/years. He has started eating smaller meals etc. He now has a throbbing feeling on the left side under his rib cage, which is swollen too. It is visible and can be felt if you look or touch. Could this be an ulcer or is it his spleen? Any help could be appreciated\u2026need to know if a gp visit would help or to go straight to the hospital", "title": "Question: Acid reflux with swollen rib cage"}
{"text": "Since yesterday, I feel a sharp pain in the lower left side of my abdomen. The pain is triggered by gas or at any motion, particularly when walking.  What could be the issue", "title": "Question: Sharp pain lower abdomen"}
{"text": "I\u2019m 19 and I have secondary amenorrhea from anorexia (recovering and getting help) but I haven\u2019t gained weight yet or changed my eating much but all of a sudden I got a period after not having one since June this year. Can I really just suddenly get my periods back irrespective of eating, weight and exercise because I\u2019ve never had them at this low a weight before? I am currently 45.6kg and 168cm tall. I know that what looks like \u201cperiods\u201d can mean a whole lot of other things. Is it possible to have fake periods during amenorrhea? But isn\u2019t the pill the only thing that causes fake periods", "title": "Question:  Is it possible to have fake periods during amenorrhea?"}
{"text": "Here are some samples of\u00a0 health questions we receive on a daily basis\u2026\nPlease note: All sensitive information has been removed so as to maintain 100% Confidentiality.\nQuestion: Hi Good Day! I want to ask if what is the meaning of my xray result \u2013 Impression apico pleural thickening,bilateral consider thoraci dextroscoliosis or maybe due to positional,suggest clinical correlationQuestion: Vagina is burning to wipe after urinating and also get a tiny thing hanging in the inner of my vagina. I\u2019m very scared and need your help please? What is going on with my vagina? It burns and see a weird thing hanging and don\u2019t know what it is.Question: I had a ringworm and i use over the counter anti fungal cream over it. The ring has gone for likes weeks but the place still hold a smooth spot that doesn\u2019t itches, grow or do any discomfort. So now my question is does my ringworm totally cured or it still has?\nThanks.Question: Had my hiv test done after after 5months of possible exposure it was \u2013 so was my partner,fell pregnant a month later,went for prenatal classes on my 7th month it was+.I was given ART I didn\u2019t take it, I had my son 7weeks ago he\u2019s- but I still tested +,Read that pregnancy can cause false+,HIV specialist confirmed it that it can happen. Should I be worried?Question: If a person is schizophrenic and drunk at the same time she or he experiences delusions can a psychiatrist tell if the psychiatric disorder or the alcohol is causing the person to be delusional?Question: My pupils have started to be two different sizes on and off, my vision is fine but I get frequent headaches and I am constantly tired. I am a very active individual with a very fit lifestyle. Should I see my doctor about getting a brain scan?Question: Hiii.. my name is (\u2026) and i m (\u2026) years old\u2026few days ago i found a itchy round shape ringworm on my scalp\u2026 it was small in size\u2026 And so itchy\u2026 after some days it becomes bigger in size\u2026 and also causes hairloss\u2026 i see that there are less hair on the affected scalp\u2026 i m in a big trouble\u2026 i seems like i will becomes totally blend after some days\u2026 please help me doctor\u2026Question: I am male of (\u2026) yrs suffering from Cystic Fibrosis living in (\u2026) and receiving IV antibiotics every month\u2026 from the past 4 years i have had 7 times p hnemothrax with both sides lungs.. recently my ige level is hish and my doc pulmonologist is identified this as ABPA and told me to take steriods tabs that is prednisolone regular as a treatment.. but i haven\u2019t started bcos i am scared to take steriods as i feel i might get into phnemothrax in my lung.. and the doc is saying you have to try. So as a opinion from doc i want to know if prednisolone or steriods will cause phnemothrax as i am a secondary case with can reoccur any timeQuestion:my mother`s age is (\u2026) years i think she is suffering from varicose vein. she is having a lot of pain in her both legs. last year she saw some blue marks on her legs. please tell me some treatment for itQuestion: My wife got her periods on (\u2026) and on (\u2026) we had unprotected sex followed by an ipill (emergency Contraceptive pill) which she had in 4 hours after the act. On 7th august we had protected sex 3 times with new condoms for each act and after each act she washed herself with water.13th Aug she had bleeding like her periods but less flow(60% bleeding, considering 100%bleeding during her normal periods), no pain, with very few clots(1-3 clots instead of 8-9) and it was there for 3 days almost(on and off). Her periods were due on 25th Aug (she has irregular periods sometimes).We did a home pregnancy test that week with negative result and did the second pregnancy test on 5th Sept again with negative result. We also did UPT in Lab with negative result on 14th Sept. She has no symptoms of pregnancy.\nOn 17th she felt cramps and abdominal pain followed by thick white discharge. Is it sign of pregnancy? or is it sign of period coming? Is she pregnant? PS: we dint had any intercourse after that.Question: I have got painful Cystitis, what can I do as I am on holidayQuestion: Hi! I\u2019m (\u2026), and I\u2019m (\u2026) years old.\nEver since I was little, my legs would have this weird brownish discoloration, especially on my left leg. My left leg is also visibly darker than my right leg. I have this weird sensitivity to water. Whenever I come in contact with water (i.e. showering) or when I sweat, my legs turn red.I want to know the cause and how I can stop this. I tried to explain to my doctor about this, but she just told me it was normal discoloration. But it\u2019s not.\nI have attached a picture of my legs after having taken a shower.Question: I accident took my 30 mg adderall twice and now my heart is beating faster than normal am I going to be okQuestion: Back pain got Xray showed scoliosis moderate curve to the right in thoracic and lumbar spine and kyphosis, CT scan shows three slipped discs in lumbar spine and twisting of the spine. Not only back pain but neck pain too sometimes get intense headache which don\u2019t go away with pain killers or sleep, fainting, dizziness, constant fatigue, cracking noise, numbness of head region and numbness of right side if head turned to left. Can I please ask what is wrong and what treatments there are?Question: I wore deodorant free from aluminium and free from paraben during mammography. Will this interfere with images?Question: What are the symptoms of urinary incontinence for wetting regular underwear while asleep.Question: Hello, I have had quite a large bruise on my left shoulder for about 4 years. It is about the size of two hands together, maybe more. It has constantly been visible on my shoulder ever since my sister noticed it about 4 years ago. It doesn\u2019t cause any discomfort which is why I have never been to my GP about it. Sometimes is isn\u2019t very visible, but most of the time it is pretty purple like a normal bruise. But I would just like to put my mind at ease about it as it doesn\u2019t seem normal to have a bruise of that size constantly on my skin.. I know it\u2019s not a birth mark or anything like that", "title": "Ask A Doctor \u2013 Top Ranking Medical Questions"}
{"text": "Aqui est\u00e3o alguns exemplos de perguntas de sa\u00fade que recebemos diariamente \u2026\nAten\u00e7\u00e3o: Todas as informa\u00e7\u00f5es sens\u00edveis foi removido de modo a manter 100% de confidencialidade.Pergunta: Ol\u00e1 bom dia! Eu quero perguntar se o que \u00e9 o sentido da minha resultado do raio X \u2013 Impression APICO espessamento pleural bilateral considerar tor\u00e1cico dextroscoliosis ou talvez devido ao posicional, sugerem correla\u00e7\u00e3o cl\u00ednicaPergunta: Vagina est\u00e1 queimando para limpar depois de urinar e tamb\u00e9m obter uma coisa pequena pendurada no interior da minha vagina. Estou muito assustado e preciso de sua ajuda por favor? O que est\u00e1 acontecendo com a minha vagina? Ele queima e veja uma coisa pendurada estranho e n\u00e3o sei o que \u00e9.Pergunta: Eu tinha uma micose e eu usar durante o contador creme anti-f\u00fangico sobre ele. O anel tem ido para gostos semanas, mas o lugar ainda t\u00eam um ponto suave que n\u00e3o co\u00e7a, crescer ou fazer qualquer desconforto. Ent\u00e3o, agora a minha pergunta \u00e9 a minha micose totalmente curada ou ele ainda tem?\nObrigado.Pergunta: Se meu teste de HIV feito ap\u00f3s cinco meses ap\u00f3s uma poss\u00edvel exposi\u00e7\u00e3o era \u2013 assim era meu parceiro, ficou gr\u00e1vida de um m\u00eas depois, fui para as classes de pr\u00e9-natal no meu s\u00e9timo m\u00eas foi + .I foi dada ART eu n\u00e3o lev\u00e1-la, I tinha o meu filho sete semanas he\u2019s- atr\u00e1s, mas eu ainda testado +, Ler que a gravidez pode causar falsa +, especialista em HIV confirma-se que isso pode acontecer. Eu deveria estar preocupado?Pergunta: Se uma pessoa \u00e9 esquizofr\u00eanica e bebido, ao mesmo tempo que ele ou ela experimenta del\u00edrios pode um psiquiatra dizer se o dist\u00farbio psiqui\u00e1trico ou o \u00e1lcool est\u00e1 causando a pessoa a ser delirante?Pergunta: Os meus alunos come\u00e7aram a ser dois tamanhos diferentes dentro e fora, minha vis\u00e3o \u00e9 bom, mas eu recebo dores de cabe\u00e7a freq\u00fcentes e estou constantemente cansado. Eu sou uma pessoa muito ativa, com um estilo de vida muito oportuno. Devo ver o meu m\u00e9dico sobre a obten\u00e7\u00e3o de uma varredura do c\u00e9rebro?Pergunta: Hiii .. meu nome \u00e9 (\u2026) e IM (\u2026) anos de idade \u2026 Alguns dias atr\u00e1s eu encontrei uma micose forma redonda coceira no meu couro cabeludo \u2026 era pequeno em tamanho \u2026 E assim coceira \u2026 depois de alguns dias, torna-se maior em tamanho \u2026 e tamb\u00e9m provoca queda de cabelo \u2026 eu ver que h\u00e1 menos cabelo no couro cabeludo afetado \u2026 im em um grande problema \u2026 i parece que eu vou torna-se totalmente misturar depois de alguns dias \u2026 por favor me ajude m\u00e9dico \u2026Pergunta: Eu sou macho de (\u2026) anos que sofrem de fibrose c\u00edstica vivendo em (\u2026) e receber antibi\u00f3ticos IV a cada m\u00eas \u2026 dos \u00faltimos 4 anos eu tive 7 vezes p hnemothrax com ambos os lados pulm\u00f5es .. recentemente, o meu n\u00edvel de IgE \u00e9 hish e meu doc pneumologista \u00e9 identificado como ABPA e me disse para tomar steriods guias que \u00e9 prednisolona regular como um tratamento .. mas eu ainda n\u00e3o come\u00e7ou a bcos estou com medo de tomar ester\u00f3ides, como eu sinto que eu poderia obter em phnemothrax no meu pulm\u00e3o .. eo doc est\u00e1 dizendo que voc\u00ea tem que tentar. Ent\u00e3o, como uma opini\u00e3o de doc eu quero saber se prednisolona ou ester\u00f3ides far\u00e1 com que phnemothrax como sou um caso secund\u00e1rio com pode reaparecer a qualquer momentoPergunta: minha idade m\u00e3e `\u00e9 (\u2026) anos Eu acho que ela est\u00e1 sofrendo de veias varicosas. ela est\u00e1 tendo um monte de dor em seu ambas as pernas. no ano passado, ela viu algumas marcas azuis em suas pernas. por favor me diga algum tratamento para elePergunta: Minha esposa tem seus per\u00edodos de (\u2026) e (\u2026) a gente teve rela\u00e7\u00f5es sexuais desprotegidas seguido por um iPill (P\u00edlula anticoncepcional de emerg\u00eancia) que ela tinha em 4 horas ap\u00f3s o ato. Em 07 de agosto que havia protegido o sexo 3 vezes com novos preservativos para cada ato e depois de cada ato ela lavou-se com agosto water.13th ela tinha sangrando como seus per\u00edodos, mas menos de fluxo (60% sangramento, considerando 100% sangramento durante seus per\u00edodos normais) , sem dor, com muito poucos co\u00e1gulos (1-3 co\u00e1gulos em vez de 8-9) e foi l\u00e1 para 3 dias quase (dentro e fora). Seus per\u00edodos foram devido no dia 25 de agosto (ela tem per\u00edodos irregulares \u00e0s vezes) .N\u00f3s fiz um teste de gravidez em casa naquela semana, com resultados negativos e fez o segundo teste de gravidez em 05 de setembro novamente com resultado negativo. N\u00f3s tamb\u00e9m fizemos UPT no laborat\u00f3rio com resultados negativos, em 14 de setembro Ela n\u00e3o tem sintomas de gravidez.\nNo dia 17 ela sentiu c\u00f3licas e dor abdominal seguido de corrimento branco espesso. \u00c9 sinal de gravidez? ou \u00e9 sinal de pr\u00f3ximo per\u00edodo? ela est\u00e1 gr\u00e1vida? PS: n\u00f3s mossa teve qualquer rela\u00e7\u00e3o sexual depois disso.Pergunta: Eu tenho dolorosa cistite, o que posso fazer como estou de f\u00e9riasPergunta: Hi! Eu sou (\u2026), e eu sou (\u2026) anos de idade.\nDesde que eu era pequena, minhas pernas teria esta descolora\u00e7\u00e3o acastanhada estranho, especialmente na minha perna esquerda. Minha perna esquerda tamb\u00e9m est\u00e1 visivelmente mais escura do que a minha perna direita. Eu tenho essa sensibilidade estranha \u00e0 \u00e1gua. Sempre que eu entrar em contacto com a \u00e1gua (ou seja, tomar banho) ou quando eu suo, minhas pernas transformar red.I quer saber a causa e como posso parar com isso. Tentei explicar para o meu m\u00e9dico sobre isso, mas ela apenas me disse que era a descolora\u00e7\u00e3o normal. Mas isso n\u00e3o.\nAnexei uma foto de minhas pernas, depois de ter tomado um banho.Pergunta: Eu acidente levou meu 30 mg Adderall duas vezes e agora o meu cora\u00e7\u00e3o est\u00e1 batendo mais r\u00e1pido do que o normal \u00e9 que eu vou estar okPergunta: A dor nas costas tem raio X mostrou escoliose curva moderada para a direita na coluna vertebral e cifose tor\u00e1cica e lombar, tomografia computadorizada mostra tr\u00eas h\u00e9rnias discais na coluna lombar e tor\u00e7\u00e3o da coluna vertebral. N\u00e3o s\u00f3 a dor nas costas, mas a dor no pesco\u00e7o tamb\u00e9m come\u00e7a \u00e0s vezes dor de cabe\u00e7a intensa, que n\u00e3o desaparecem com analg\u00e9sicos ou sono, desmaios, tonturas, fadiga constante, o ru\u00eddo de craqueamento, dorm\u00eancia da regi\u00e3o da cabe\u00e7a e dorm\u00eancia de lado direito, se a cabe\u00e7a virada para a esquerda. Por favor, posso perguntar o que est\u00e1 errado eo que tratamentos existem?Pergunta: Eu usava desodorante livre de alum\u00ednio e livre de parabenos durante a mamografia. Ser\u00e1 que isto vai interferir com as imagens?Pergunta: Quais s\u00e3o os sintomas de incontin\u00eancia urin\u00e1ria para molhar underwear regular durante o sono.Pergunta: Ol\u00e1, eu tive bastante um grande hematoma no meu ombro esquerdo por cerca de 4 anos. \u00c9 sobre o tamanho de duas m\u00e3os juntas, talvez mais. Tem sido constantemente vis\u00edvel no meu ombro desde que minha irm\u00e3 notou que cerca de 4 anos. Ele n\u00e3o causa qualquer desconforto que \u00e9 por isso que eu nunca fui ao meu m\u00e9dico sobre isso. \u00c0s vezes, \u00e9 n\u00e3o \u00e9 muito vis\u00edvel, mas na maioria das vezes \u00e9 roxo como uma contus\u00e3o normal. Mas eu gostaria apenas de colocar minha mente \u00e0 vontade sobre o assunto, uma vez que n\u00e3o parece normal ter uma contus\u00e3o desse tamanho constantemente na minha pele .. Eu sei que n\u00e3o \u00e9 uma marca de nascimento ou qualquer coisa assim", "title": "Pergunte a um m\u00e9dico \u2013 Top Ranking quest\u00f5es m\u00e9dicas"}
{"text": "He aqu\u00ed algunos ejemplos de preguntas de salud que recibimos a diario \u2026\nTenga en cuenta: Toda la informaci\u00f3n confidencial se ha eliminado con el fin de mantener el 100% de confidencialidad.Pregunta: Hola buen d\u00eda! Quiero preguntar si lo que es el sentido de mi resultado de la radiograf\u00eda \u2013 Impresi\u00f3n apico engrosamiento pleural, considere bilateral t\u00f3raco dextroscoliosis o tal vez debido a la posici\u00f3n, sugieren correlaci\u00f3n cl\u00ednicaPregunta: La vagina se est\u00e1 quemando para limpiar despu\u00e9s de orinar y tambi\u00e9n conseguir una cosa peque\u00f1a que cuelga en el interior de mi vagina. Estoy muy asustado y necesito su ayuda por favor? \u00bfQu\u00e9 est\u00e1 pasando con mi vagina? Se quema y ver una cosa extra\u00f1a que cuelga y no saben lo que es.Pregunta: Yo ten\u00eda una ti\u00f1a y yo uso en el mostrador crema anti hongos sobre ella. El anillo se ha ido para animaci\u00f3n semanas, pero el lugar todav\u00eda presionado un punto suave que no pica, crecen o se hacen ninguna molestia. As\u00ed que ahora mi pregunta es qu\u00e9 mi ti\u00f1a totalmente curada o todav\u00eda tiene?\nGracias.Pregunta: Si mi prueba de VIH hace despu\u00e9s de 5 meses despu\u00e9s de la posible exposici\u00f3n fue \u2013 por lo que fue mi compa\u00f1ero, qued\u00e9 embarazada de un mes m\u00e1s tarde, fui a clases prenatales en mi s\u00e9ptimo mes se .I + se le dio ART Yo no lo tomo, me hab\u00edan mi hijo 7 semanas he\u2019s- hace pero todav\u00eda probado +, Lee que el embarazo puede causar falsa +, especialista en VIH confirm\u00f3 que pueda suceder. \u00bfDebo estar preocupado?Pregunta: Si una persona es esquizofr\u00e9nico y bebido, al mismo tiempo que \u00e9l o ella experimenta delirios puede decir a un psiquiatra si el trastorno psiqui\u00e1trico o el alcohol est\u00e1 causando la persona a ser delirantes?Pregunta: Mis alumnos han comenzado a ser dos tama\u00f1os diferentes de encendido y apagado, mi visi\u00f3n est\u00e1 bien pero me da dolores de cabeza frecuentes y estoy constantemente cansado. Soy una persona muy activa con un estilo de vida muy en forma. \u00bfDebo ver a mi m\u00e9dico sobre c\u00f3mo obtener un esc\u00e1ner cerebral?Pregunta: Hiii .. mi nombre es (\u2026) y IM (\u2026) a\u00f1os \u2026 Hace unos d\u00edas me encontr\u00e9 con una forma redonda ti\u00f1a con picaz\u00f3n en el cuero cabelludo \u2026 era de tama\u00f1o peque\u00f1o \u2026 Y por lo que pica \u2026 despu\u00e9s de algunos d\u00edas se vuelve m\u00e1s grande en tama\u00f1o \u2026 y tambi\u00e9n causa la ca\u00edda del cabello \u2026 veo que hay menos pelo en el cuero cabelludo afectado \u2026 im en un gran problema \u2026 i parece que voy a se vuelve totalmente mezclar despu\u00e9s de algunos d\u00edas \u2026 por favor me ayude m\u00e9dico \u2026Pregunta: Soy hombre de (\u2026) a\u00f1os que sufren de fibrosis qu\u00edstica viven en (\u2026) y recibiendo antibi\u00f3ticos por v\u00eda intravenosa cada mes \u2026 desde los \u00faltimos 4 a\u00f1os he tenido 7 veces p hnemothrax con ambos pulmones lados .. recientemente mi nivel de IgE es hish y mi m\u00e9dico neum\u00f3logo se identifica esto como ABPA y me dijo que tomara steriods pesta\u00f1as que es regular prednisolona como tratamiento .. pero no he empezado bcos tengo miedo de tomar los esteroides ya que creo que podr\u00eda conseguir en phnemothrax en mi pulm\u00f3n .. y el doctor est\u00e1 diciendo que tiene que tratar. As\u00ed como una opini\u00f3n del doc quiero saber si prednisolona o esteroides har\u00e1 que phnemothrax ya que soy un caso secundario puede ocurrir de nuevo con cualquier momentoPregunta: mi edad de la madre es (\u2026) a\u00f1os Creo que ella est\u00e1 sufriendo de vena varicosa. ella est\u00e1 teniendo una gran cantidad de dolor en su ambas piernas. el a\u00f1o pasado vio algunas marcas azules en las piernas. por favor d\u00edgame alg\u00fan tratamiento para ellaPregunta: Mi esposa de sus per\u00edodos de (\u2026) y en (\u2026) hemos tenido relaciones sexuales sin protecci\u00f3n seguida de un iPill (p\u00edldora anticonceptiva de emergencia), que se hab\u00eda sentido en 4 horas despu\u00e9s del acto. El 7 de agosto que hab\u00eda protegido el sexo 3 veces con nuevos condones para cada acto y despu\u00e9s de cada acto que se lava a s\u00ed misma con water.13th agosto que hab\u00eda sangrado al igual que sus per\u00edodos, pero menos de caudal (60% sangrado, considerando el 100% de hemorragia durante sus per\u00edodos normales) , sin dolor, con muy pocos co\u00e1gulos (1-3 co\u00e1gulos en lugar de 8-9) y fue all\u00ed durante 3 d\u00edas casi (encendido y apagado). Sus per\u00edodos se deben el 25 de Ago (ella tiene per\u00edodos irregulares a veces) .We hizo una prueba de embarazo de la semana con resultados negativos, e hizo la segunda prueba de embarazo el 5 de Sept de nuevo con resultado negativo. Tambi\u00e9n hicimos UPT en laboratorio con resultados negativos, el 14 de septiembre Ella no tiene s\u00edntomas de embarazo.\nEl 17 se sent\u00eda calambres y dolor abdominal seguido de flujo espeso y blanco. \u00bfEs signo de embarazo? o se trata de firmar pr\u00f3ximo per\u00edodo? \u00bfEst\u00e1 embarazada? PD: nos fuerza ten\u00eda ninguna relaci\u00f3n sexual despu\u00e9s de eso.Pregunta: Tengo dolorosa Cistitis, \u00bfqu\u00e9 puedo hacer como estoy de vacacionesPregunta: Hola! Estoy (\u2026), y yo soy (\u2026) a\u00f1os de edad.\nDesde que era peque\u00f1a, mis piernas se tienen esta coloraci\u00f3n pardusca extra\u00f1o, sobre todo en la pierna izquierda. Mi pierna izquierda tambi\u00e9n es visiblemente m\u00e1s oscura que la pierna derecha. Tengo esta extra\u00f1a sensibilidad al agua. Cada vez que entran en contacto con agua (es decir, la ducha) o cuando sudo, mis piernas se vuelven red.I querer saber la causa y c\u00f3mo puedo detener esto. Trat\u00e9 de explicarle a mi m\u00e9dico acerca de esto, pero ella me dijo que era decoloraci\u00f3n normal. Pero no lo es.\nHe adjuntado una foto de mis piernas despu\u00e9s de haber tomado una ducha.Pregunta: mi accidente tuvo 30 mg de Adderall dos veces y ahora mi coraz\u00f3n est\u00e1 latiendo m\u00e1s r\u00e1pido de lo normal voy a estar bienPregunta: El dolor de espalda tiene la radiograf\u00eda mostr\u00f3 la escoliosis moderada curva hacia la derecha en la columna vertebral y cifosis tor\u00e1cica y lumbar, tomograf\u00eda computarizada muestra tres hernias discales en la columna lumbar y la torsi\u00f3n de la columna vertebral. No s\u00f3lo el dolor de espalda, pero el dolor de cuello tambi\u00e9n consiguen a veces dolor de cabeza intenso que no desaparece con analg\u00e9sicos o del sue\u00f1o, mareos, desmayos, fatiga constante, crujido, entumecimiento de la regi\u00f3n de la cabeza y entumecimiento de la derecha si la cabeza vuelta hacia la izquierda. \u00bfPuedo preguntar qu\u00e9 est\u00e1 mal y qu\u00e9 tratamientos existen?Pregunta: Me puse desodorante libre de aluminio y libre de parabenos durante la mamograf\u00eda. Ser\u00e1 este interferir con las im\u00e1genes?Pregunta: \u00bfCu\u00e1les son los s\u00edntomas de la incontinencia urinaria para humedecer la ropa interior normal durante el sue\u00f1o.Pregunta: Hola, he tenido un gran contusi\u00f3n en el hombro izquierdo durante unos 4 a\u00f1os. Es aproximadamente del tama\u00f1o de dos manos juntas, tal vez m\u00e1s. Ha sido constantemente visibles en el hombro desde que mi hermana se dio cuenta de que hace aproximadamente 4 a\u00f1os. No causa ninguna molestia por lo que nunca he estado a mi m\u00e9dico de cabecera sobre ella. A veces, es decir, no es muy visible, pero la mayor\u00eda de las veces es bastante p\u00farpura como un hematoma normal. Pero me gustar\u00eda poner mi mente en la facilidad de ello, ya que no parece normal tener una contusi\u00f3n de ese tama\u00f1o constantemente en mi piel .. Yo s\u00e9 que no es una marca de nacimiento o algo por el estilo", "title": "Consulta a un m\u00e9dico \u2013 Inicio Clasificaci\u00f3n preguntas m\u00e9dicas"}
{"text": "Hi I am 20 years old. I have had the bar in my arm for the past 3 years but it is finished in 2 weeks!! I have had unprotected sex with my boyfriend a couple of times in the last 2 months. the last 3-4 days  I am feeling very odd. I had brown spotting, headaches, really tired all the time, feeling nauseated, cramping throughout the day which seems to be on the left of my lower stomach.\nI have looked up information about these symptoms and early pregnancy keeps coming up. I don\u2019t know what to do? I don\u2019t know if its too early to take a pregnancy test and if i do will it just come up negative automatically as the bar is still in my arm?\nId really appreciate if you could help me out", "title": "Question: Headaches, really tired all the time, feeling nauseated, cramping throughout the day?"}
{"text": "I have bad breath for many years. Chlorhexidine glconate does work. One rinse before sleep can take effect for next day. But just one day. I have use it for almost two years. My teeth have turn yellow. And my tongue coating is always thick. I try scraping but almost useless.\nDo you have a cure or alternative solution", "title": "Question: My teeth have turned yellow?"}
{"text": "Travelers returning from areas affected by the Zika virus should refrain from sexual intercourse or have protected sex for \u2018at least eight weeks\u2019, and not just four, now says the WHOIn its new recommendations for the prevention of sexual transmission of Zika virus, the World Health Organization adds that people should wait \u2018 six months if the male partner has symptoms \u2018.\u2026.this time period is required to ensure that the infection has disappeared from the body and that the virus cannot be transmitted (\u2026) to the partner\u201d, explained WHO spokesperson Christian Lindmeier.The Zika virus is associated with Latin America to an explosion of hydrencephaly, a serious and irreversible malformation characterized by an abnormally small skull size, as well as neurological diseases in adults, including Guillain-Barr\u00e9 syndrome.The Aedes aegypti mosquito is regarded as being the main sourceo  of transmission of Zika virus, but \u201cincreasingly new evidence has shown that it is also sexually transmitted.", "title": "No sex after Brazil Olympics\u2026 at least for awhile."}
{"text": "1. What do you think is causing my problem?2. Is there more than one condition (disease) that could be causing my problem?3. What tests will you do to diagnose the problem and which of the conditions is present?4. How good are the tests for diagnosing the problem and the conditions?5. How safe are the tests?6. What is the likely course of this condition? What is the long-term outlook with and\nwithout treatment?7. What are my treatment options? How effective is each treatment option? What are the\nbenefits versus risks of each treatment option?8. If my symptoms worsen, what should I do on my own? When should I contact you?9. Are you aware of each of the medications that I am taking? Can they adversely interact\nwith the medications you are prescribing for me", "title": "Top 10 Questions To Ask Your Doctor"}
{"text": "Here are some of our favorite stars that played roles as or alongside doctors on the screen.. only one however is a real doctor:\u00a0Pen\u00e9lope CruzPen\u00e9lope Cruz S\u00e1nchez, known professionally as Pen\u00e9lope Cruz, is a Spanish actress and model. Signed by an agent at age 15, she made her acting debut at 16 on television and her feature film debut\u00a0 at 16 on television and her feature film debut the following year in Jam\u00f3n, jam\u00f3n (1992) to critical acclaim.Michael C. HallMichael Carlyle Hall is an American actor, known for his role as Dexter Morgan, a blood spatter analyst, in the Showtime TV Network series, Dexter, and as David Fisher in the HBO drama series, Six Feet Under.Amber HeardAmber Laura Heard is an American actress. Heard made her film debut in the sports drama Friday Night Lights, starring Billy Bob Thornton.Johnny DeppJohn Christopher \u201cJohnny\u201d Depp II is an American actor, producer, and musician. He has won the Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actor.Agnes BrucknerAgnes Bruckner is an American actress and former photomodell. She began acting on television in the late 1990s and has since appeared in several films, including The Woods, Blue Car, Murder By Numbers, Blood and Chocolate, and The Anna Nicole Story.Megan FoxMegan Denise Fox is an American actress and model. She began her acting career in 2001, with several minor television and film roles, and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television sitcom.Ellen DeGeneresEllen Lee DeGeneres is an American comedian, television host, actress, writer, and producer. She starred in the popular sitcom Ellen from 1994 to 1998, and has hosted her syndicated TV talk show, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, since 2003.Scarlett JohanssonScarlett Johansson is an American actress, model, and singer. She made her film debut in North. Johansson subsequently starred in Manny & Lo in 1996, and garnered further acclaim and prominence with roles in The Horse Whisperer and Ghost World.Reese WitherspoonLaura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon, known professionally as Reese Witherspoon, is an American actress and producer.Cameron DiazCameron Michelle Diaz is an American actress, producer, and former fashion model. She rose to stardom with roles in The Mask, My Best Friend\u2019s Wedding and There\u2019s Something About Mary.Mehmet O", "title": "Doctor to the Stars"}
{"text": "Medical SpecialtiesA\n    Abdominal Radiology Radiology-Diagnostic\n    Addiction Psychiatry Psychiatry\n    Adolescent Medicine Pediatrics\n    Adult Reconstructive Orthopaedics Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Advanced Heart Failure & Transplant Cardiology Internal Medicine\n    Allergy & Immunology\n    AnesthesiologyB    Biochemical Genetics Medical Genetics\n    Blood Banking \u2013 Transfusion Medicine Pathology-Anatomic & ClinicalC    Cardiothoracic Radiology Radiology-Diagnostic\n    Cardiovascular Disease Internal Medicine\n    Chemical Pathology Pathology-Anatomic & Clinical\n    Child & Adolescent Psychiatry Psychiatry\n    Child Neurology Neurology\n    Clinical & Laboratory Immunology Allergy & Immunology\n    Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiology Internal Medicine\n    Clinical Neurophysiology Neurology\n    Colon & Rectal Surgery\n    Congenital Cardiac Surgery Thoracic Surgery\n    Craniofacial Surgery Plastic Surgery\n    Critical Care Medicine Anesthesiology\n    Critical Care Medicine Internal Medicine\n    Cytopathology Pathology-Anatomic & ClinicalD    Dermatology\n    Dermatopathology DermatologyE    Emergency Medicine\n    Endocrinology, Diabetes & Metabolism Internal Medicine\n    Endovascular Surgical Neuroradiology Neurological Surgery\n    Endovascular Surgical Neuroradiology Neurology\n    Endovascular Surgical Neuroradiology Radiology-DiagnosticF    Family Medicine\n    Family Practice\n    Female Pelvic Medicine & Reconstructive Surgery Obstetrics & Gynecology\n    Foot & Ankle Orthopaedics Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Forensic Pathology Pathology-Anatomic & Clinical\n    Forensic Psychiatry PsychiatryG    Gastroenterology Internal Medicine\n    Geriatric Medicine Family Medicine\n    Geriatric Medicine Internal Medicine\n    Geriatric Medicine Family Practice\n    Geriatric Psychiatry PsychiatryH    Hand Surgery Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Hand Surgery Plastic Surgery\n    Hand Surgery Surgery-General\n    Hematology Internal Medicine\n    Hematology Pathology-Anatomic & Clinical\n    Hematology & Oncology Internal MedicineI    Infectious Disease Internal Medicine\n    Internal Medicine\n    Internal Medicine-Pediatrics\n    Interventional Cardiology Internal MedicineM    Medical Genetics\n    Medical Microbiology Pathology-Anatomic & Clinical\n    Medical Toxicology Emergency Medicine\n    Medical Toxicology Preventive Medicine\n    Molecular Genetic Pathology Medical Genetics\n    Muscoskeletal Radiology Radiology-Diagnostic\n    Musculoskeletal Oncology Orthopaedic SurgeryN    Neonatal-Perinatal Medicine Pediatrics\n    Nephrology Internal Medicine\n    Neurological Surgery\n    Neurology\n    Neuromuscular Medicine Neurology\n    Neuromuscular Medicine Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation\n    Neuropathology Pathology-Anatomic & Clinical\n    Neuroradiology Radiology-Diagnostic\n    Nuclear Medicine\n    Nuclear Radiology Radiology-DiagnosticO    Obstetric Anesthesiology Anesthesiology\n    Obstetrics & Gynecology\n    Oncology Internal Medicine\n    Ophthalmic Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery Ophthalmology\n    Ophthalmology\n    Orthopaedic Sports Medicine Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Orthopaedic Surgery of the Spine Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Orthopaedic Trauma Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Otolaryngology\n    Otology \u2013 Neurotology OtolaryngologyP    Pain Medicine Anesthesiology\n    Pain Medicine Neurology\n    Pain Medicine Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation\n    Pathology-Anatomic & Clinical\n    Pediatric Anesthesiology Anesthesiology\n    Pediatric Cardiology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Critical Care Medicine Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Emergency Medicine Emergency Medicine\n    Pediatric Emergency Medicine Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Endocrinology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Gastroenterology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Hematology-Oncology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Infectious Diseases Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Nephrology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Orthopaedics Orthopaedic Surgery\n    Pediatric Otolaryngology Otolaryngology\n    Pediatric Pathology Pathology-Anatomic & Clinical\n    Pediatric Pulmonology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Radiology Radiology-Diagnostic\n    Pediatric Rheumatology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Sports Medicine Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Surgery Surgery-General\n    Pediatric Transplant Hepatology Pediatrics\n    Pediatric Urology Urology\n    Pediatrics\n    Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation\n    Plastic Surgery\n    Preventive Medicine\n    Procedural Dermatology Dermatology\n    Psychiatry\n    Pulmonary Disease Internal Medicine\n    Pulmonary Disease & Critical Care Medicine Internal MedicineR    Radiation Oncology\n    Radiology-Diagnostic\n    Rheumatology Internal MedicineS    Sleep Medicine\n    Spinal Cord Injury Medicine Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation\n    Sports Medicine Emergency Medicine\n    Sports Medicine Family Medicine\n    Sports Medicine Internal Medicine\n    Sports Medicine Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation\n    Surgery-General\n    Surgical Critical Care Surgery-GeneralT    Thoracic Surgery\n    Thoracic Surgery-Integrated Thoracic Surgery\n    Transplant Hepatology Internal MedicineU    Urology", "title": "Medical Specialties"}
{"text": "1. O que voc\u00ea acha que est\u00e1 causando o meu problema?2. H\u00e1 mais de uma condi\u00e7\u00e3o (doen\u00e7a) que poderia estar causando o meu problema?3. Quais os testes que voc\u00ea vai fazer para diagnosticar o problema e quais as condi\u00e7\u00f5es est\u00e1 presente?4. Como bom s\u00e3o os testes para diagnosticar o problema e as condi\u00e7\u00f5es?5. Como o cofre s\u00e3o os testes?6. Qual \u00e9 o curso prov\u00e1vel dessa condi\u00e7\u00e3o? Quais s\u00e3o as perspectivas de longo prazo com e\nsem tratamento?7. Quais s\u00e3o as minhas op\u00e7\u00f5es de tratamento? Qual \u00e9 a efic\u00e1cia de cada op\u00e7\u00e3o de tratamento? O que s\u00e3o as\nbenef\u00edcios versus os riscos de cada op\u00e7\u00e3o de tratamento?8. Se meus sintomas piorarem, o que devo fazer no meu pr\u00f3prio? Quando devo entrar em contato?9. Tem consci\u00eancia de cada um dos medicamentos que estou tomando? eles podem interagir negativamente\ncom os medicamentos que est\u00e3o prescrevendo para mim", "title": "10 perguntas para perguntar ao seu m\u00e9dico"}
{"text": "Question\nI have a question, i had sex 2 weeks ago and i haven\u2019t gotten my period\u2026. and i have cramps below my stomach\u2026 but im on birth control\u2026 idk what to do..Answer\nThere are a number of reasons for experiencing cramping but no period, including:\nEating Disorder\nOvulation\nMenopause\nPregnancy\nEctopic Pregnancy\nOvarian Cyst\nAutoimmune Oophoritis\nCervical Stenosis\nEndometriosis\nOvarian Cance", "title": "I had sex 2 weeks ago and i haven\u2019t gotten my period\u2026"}
{"text": "Best Services GuaranteedSports Medicine QD was vital to my recovery from a chronic back injury. I am not an athlete and was unsure that I would find the treatment I needed here. SMC definitely put\u2026\u2014 Kerri C.Our family has used the services of the Sports Medicine QD and would recommend them to anyone! We have used the services of both an athletic therapist and physiotherapist for post-concussion therapy and\u2026\u2014 Jim, Kathy and Scott WeisenbergSports Medicine QD works magic. I have a work-related injury and have been sent by my insurance company to different physiotherapy places for assessments and treatments. They will save you from pain, lost money,\u2026\u2014 Cathy SimpsonAfter suffering from a torn meniscus injury during a hockey game, my daughter required surgery and rehabilitation treatment in order to return to sport. The support, care, answers and expertise she received was excellen", "title": "Sports Medical Banner"}
{"text": "Top Ten Questions To Ask A Doctor[huge_it_videogallery id=\u201d1\u2033]", "title": "medical-videos"}
{"text": "Top 10 Questions To Ask Your Docto", "title": "Questions to ask your doctor"}
{"text": "1. Do I really have cancer?The PSA test is \u201cnot a perfect blood test, but it is the best method for finding men who might have prostate cancer.2. What is the grade of my cancer?Tumor grades come in low, medium and high, in order of aggressiveness. In prostate cancer, the Gleason score measures the grade on a scale of six to 10.3. How much cancer do I have?During a typical biopsy, the doctor takes 12 to 14 cell samples. How many of those samples showed prostate cancer, and how much is important. If the samples contain many cancer cells, you might get further tests \u2013 an MRI and bone scan \u2013 to determine whether the cancer has spread beyond the prostate.4. Are cancer stage and grade related?The two tend to correlate. More aggressive cancers usually are associated with higher-grade cancers. Conversely, the less aggressive the cancer, the lower the stage is likely to be.5. Does my cancer need to be treated?You can choose to follow an active surveillance of the cancer : If you have low-grade, low-stage cancer, you may elect to do nothing.6. What are my treatment options?There are a number of treatment options such as radiation or surgery. Surgery falls into two categories as well: open or minimally invasive, which includes laparoscopic and robotic. Check your options.7. What are the side effects of my treatments", "title": "7 Questions to Ask Your Doctor About Prostate Cancer"}
{"text": "Melhores servi\u00e7os garantidosSports Medicine QD era vital para a minha recupera\u00e7\u00e3o de uma les\u00e3o nas costas cr\u00f4nica. Eu n\u00e3o sou um atleta e n\u00e3o tinha certeza que eu iria encontrar o tratamento que eu precisava aqui. SMC definitivamente colocar \u2026\u2013 Kerri C.A nossa fam\u00edlia tem utilizado os servi\u00e7os da Sports Medicine QD e recomendaria a ningu\u00e9m! Temos usado os servi\u00e7os de ambos um terapeuta atl\u00e9tico e fisioterapeuta para a terapia p\u00f3s- concuss\u00e3o e \u2026\u2013 Jim , Kathy e Scott WeisenbergSports Medicine QD trabalha magia. Eu tenho um acidente de trabalho e ter sido enviado por minha companhia de seguros para diferentes lugares de fisioterapia para avalia\u00e7\u00f5es e tratamentos. Eles v\u00e3o salv\u00e1-lo de dor, perdeu dinheiro , \u2026\u2013 Cathy SimpsonDepois de sofrer de uma les\u00e3o no menisco durante um jogo de h\u00f3quei, minha filha necessitou de cirurgia e tratamento de reabilita\u00e7\u00e3o , a fim de retornar ao esporte . As apoio, cuidado , respostas e experi\u00eancia que ela recebeu foi excelent", "title": "Sports Bandeira M\u00e9dica"}
{"text": "Carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae (CRE) or carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae (CPE) is a rare kind of E. coli infection that is resistant to antibiotics. In fact it is resistant to the carbapenem class of antibiotics which are known as the last resort for this type of infection. The spread of CRE has dramatically progressed in the world since it was first observed in 2001. Cases have been mostly found in the Mediterranean and southern European countries \u2013 Greece, Italy and quickly spread to Turkey and France.A case has now been found in the United States. A 49 year old Pennsylvania woman presented the presence of this rare kind of E. coli infection, the first known case of its kind in the United States.\nThe CDC and the Pennsylvania Department of Health mobilized immediately to investigate the case and to trace contacts the patient may have had to see whether the bacteria had spread.The woman is now safe. But the case is of concern. Superbugs also referred to as the Nightmare Bacteria by the CDC (Center for Disease Control). Superbugs prove to be be the ultimate challenge to the world\u2019s medical community.Hospitals are primary transmission sites for CRE-based infections. Researchers found environmental reservoirs of CRE bacteria in ICU sinks and drains. Despite multiple attempts to sterilize these sinks and drains, using detergents and steam, hospital staff were unsuccessful in getting rid of the CRE bacteria. Due to the bacteria\u2019s resistance to cleaning measures, staff should take extreme precaution in maintaining sterile environments in hospitals not yet infected with the CRE-resistant bacteria.Symptoms of intestinal infection include diarrhea, abdominal pain, and fever. More severe cases can lead to bloody diarrhea, dehydration, or even kidney failure. People with weakened immune systems, pregnant women, young children, and older adults are at increased risk for developing these complications", "title": "Super Bug E. coli infection :  (CRE)"}
{"text": "This privacy policy sets out how \u201cquestiondoctors.com\u201d uses and protects any information that you give \u201cquestiondoctors.com\u201d when you use this website.\n\u201cquestiondoctors.com\u201d is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.\n\u201cquestiondoctors.com\u201d may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1 2015.What we collect.\nWe may collect the following information:name and job title\ncontact information including email address\ndemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests\nother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gather.\nWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.\nWe may use the information to improve our products and services.\nWe may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.\nFrom time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.\nWe may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.\nWe may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.\nWe will never sell your information.Security\nWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookies\nA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer\u2019s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websites\nOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal information\nYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes\nif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at [email address]We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to [address]", "title": "Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy"}
{"text": "1. \u00bfQu\u00e9 le parece que est\u00e1 causando mi problema?2. \u00bfHay m\u00e1s de una condici\u00f3n (enfermedad) que podr\u00edan ser la causa de mi problema?3. \u00bfQu\u00e9 pruebas vas a hacer para diagnosticar el problema y cu\u00e1l de las condiciones est\u00e1 presente?4. \u00bfQu\u00e9 tan bueno son las pruebas para diagnosticar el problema y las condiciones?5. \u00bfQu\u00e9 tan seguros son las pruebas?6. \u00bfCu\u00e1l es el curso probable de esta condici\u00f3n? \u00bfCu\u00e1l es el pron\u00f3stico a largo plazo con y\nsin tratamiento?7. \u00bfCu\u00e1les son mis opciones de tratamiento? \u00bfQu\u00e9 tan efectivo es cada opci\u00f3n de tratamiento? \u00bfCu\u00e1les son los\nbeneficios frente a los riesgos de cada opci\u00f3n de tratamiento?8. Si los s\u00edntomas empeoran, \u00bfqu\u00e9 debo hacer por mi cuenta? \u00bfCu\u00e1ndo debo contactar?9. \u00bfTiene usted conocimiento de cada uno de los medicamentos que estoy tomando? Pueden interactuar de manera adversa\ncon los medicamentos que est\u00e1 prescribiendo para m\u00ed", "title": "10 preguntas para hacerle a su m\u00e9dico"}
{"text": "\u201cHow effective is oral CHG, and are there any special precautions for using the oral CHG rinses?\u201d The use of CHG for oral decontamination follows decades of use of this product by dentists in patients with gingivitis and periodontitis.[2] The recent increased use in hospitals has been primarily as an intervention to reduce ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) by reducing the number of bacteria able to colonize or infect the upper and lower airways. Several studies have assessed efficacy of this approach, and it has been included in most VAP prevention bundles, although current evidence does not conclusively support the routine use of CHG in mechanically ventilated patients, except in cardiac surgery patients.[33]CHG is deactivated by anionic compounds, including the anionic surfactants commonly used as detergents in toothpastes and mouthwashes. For this reason, CHG mouth rinses should be used at least 30 minutes after other dental products.[16] For best effectiveness, food, drink, smoking, and mouth rinses should be avoided for at least 1 hour after oral CHG use.Anionic substances, such as sodium lauryl sulfate, commonly found in toothpaste, also disrupt CHG\u2019s cationic activity. For this reason, a time delay between brushing and gargling is advisable.The most common unwanted effect of using oral chlorhexidine is staining of the teeth. A yellow-brown stain, similar to what occurs with excessive coffee or tobacco use, occurs in about half of patients exposed to the oral solution. However, the staining is highly variable in different individuals, and the cause is not known with certainty. Patients should be advised that this is a normal cosmetic and temporary effect. The stain can be removed with standard professional dental cleaning", "title": "chlorhexidine gluconate for oral use"}
{"text": "Question:\nHi I\u2019m wondering what respiratory failure to a compression of the Brain stem means? Let\u2019s say I\u2019m talking about a high profile Rock Star Guitarist who died in 91 by the name of Steve. His official cause of death was respiratory failure due to compression of the brain stem. Reports are that he was an alcoholic and the night he died he went out for a couple drinks. Namely a triple vodka, a quadruple vodka and a double brandy within 30 minutes and was also on pain killers for a cracked rib along with antidepressant medication. Reports also state that the person who found him had said that when discovered, his face was blue and there was blood coming from the mouth. However the lead singer of this particular group stated that he feel asleep and suffocated in his pillow while in a drunken state", "title": "Hi I\u2019m wondering what respiratory failure to a compression of the Brain stem means?"}
{"text": "Question:\nWill Viagra work for a bad prostate", "title": "Will Viagra work for a bad prostate?"}
{"text": "Temporary hair removal options include:Shaving does not cause more hair to grow, but the hair may look thicker.Plucking and waxing are fairly safe and are not expensive. However, they can be painful and there is a risk for scarring, swelling, and skin darkening.Chemicals may be used, but most have a bad odor.\nPermanent hair removal options include:Electrolysis uses electrical current to permanently damage individual hair follicles so they do not grow back. This method is expensive, and multiple treatments are needed. Swelling, scarring, and redness of the skin may occur.Laser hair removal uses laser aimed at the dark color (melanin) in the hairs. This method is best if a very large area needs to be treated and only if the hair is particularly dark (does not work on blond or red hair).Please include attribution to questiondoctors.com with this graphic", "title": "How to remove unwanted hair"}
{"text": "Terms & Conditions\nWe hope you love using QuestionDoctors (www.questiondoctors.com).This document contains important information that you need to consider before using this site and making any important decision.\nEffective Date: January 20 ,2015Please consult our FAQs before postingQuestionDoctors\u2122 (www.questiondoctors.com) is an online health platform that provides a variety of online and online-linked health products and services to the general public and patients for health related information and resources. QuestionDoctors certified doctors can comment on many of your medical issues, on-demand, via text based and phone or video (not applicable in all cases) consultations from wherever you happen to be.\nQuestionDoctors also offers a general forum for crowd-sourcing purposes where participation to questions and answers are opened to everyone. Questions may also be posted on social sharing sites.\nAs such this site is not a replacement for professional medical opinion, examination, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your medical doctor or other qualified health professional before starting any new treatment or making any changes to existing treatment. Do not delay seeking or disregard medical advice based on information written by any author on this site. No health questions and information on QuestionDoctors is regulated or evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and therefore the information should not be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease without the supervision of a medical doctor. Posts made to these forums express the views and opinions of the author, and not the administrators, moderators, or editorial staff and hence QuestionDoctors and its principals will accept no liabilities or responsibilities for the statements made.\nThe following terms and conditions constitute an agreement between you and QuestionDoctors (also referred to in this agreement as\u201cQuestionDoctors\u2122\u201d \u201cwww.questiondoctors.com\u201d,\u201cquestiondoctors\u201d\u201cwe,\u201d or \u201cus\u201d), the operator of QuestionDoctors.com (the \u201cSite\u201d). BY USING THE SITE, AND/OR BY REGISTERING WITH US, YOU SIGNIFY THAT YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, including that your consent to the information practices disclosed in our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy , which is incorporated herein by reference, and that you are agree to comply with applicable laws, governed and interpreted by the country. Please note that we offer the Site \u201cAS IS\u201d and without warranties. If you are registering an account or using the Site on behalf of an individual or entity other than yourself, you represent that you are authorized by such individual or entity to accept these Terms of Use on such individual\u2019s or entity\u2019s behalf.\nWhenever we use the words \u201cyour physician\u201d or \u201cyour doctor\u201d or \u201chealthcare provider\u201d or similar words on QuestionDoctors, including in these Terms of Use, we mean your personal doctor with whom you have of an actual, mutually acknowledged, doctor-patient relationship (or the same kind of formal, real-world relationship between you and your personal professional healthcare provider). QuestionDoctors medical experts are not \u201cyour\u201d physician or healthcare provider.\nQuestionDoctors, Doctors using QuestionDoctors to provide online consultations (collectively \u201cMedical Experts\u201d), Affiliates and Third-party providers (collectively \u201cAffiliates\u201d) would serve you to the best our ability under the following terms and conditions:\n1. Using the QuestionDoctors\u2122 (www.questiondoctors.com) website: questiondoctors.com\nNO DOCTOR-PATIENT RELATIONSHIP. QuestionDoctors doesn\u2019t replace your relationship with physician or health care provider. The information interpreted (not limited to content of the site and information derived from online consultations) Should Not be relied upon as a substitute for sound professional medical advice, evaluation or care from your physician or other qualified health care provider. This information should be put to be use only after consulting your physician or other health care provider.\nYou acknowledge that although some of the content, text, data, graphics, images, information, suggestions, guidance, and other material (collectively, \u201cInformation\u201d) that is provided to you on the Site (including Information provided in direct response to your questions or postings) may be provided by individuals in the medical profession, the provision of such Information does not create a doctor/medical professional-patient relationship, but is provided to inform you on various medical conditions, medical diagnosis and treatment and it does not constitute a direct medical diagnosis, treatment or prescription. Everything on QuestionDoctors should be used for information purposes only, QuestionDoctors DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL DIAGNOSIS, TREATMENT, and OR PRESCRIPTION OF ANY KIND.\nQuestionDoctors is designed to support the health decisions and choices that you make. These decisions and choices are yours, and we believe that you, in connection with the advice you receive from your doctor or other professional health care provider, are the best decision maker about your health. We cannot make decisions for you. What we can do is help you find good health information and connect with doctors for in-person information. On QuestionDoctors you can ask and find informational questions and related educational answers by Medical Experts. The site is not a place for the practice of medicine, but Medical Experts on site can be a resource for reliable, relevant general health information. We hope these services will be of value to you. Please use them responsibly.\nEven if your real life doctor is on QuestionDoctors , personal medical advice, treatment or diagnosis are not permitted through QuestionDoctors , and by using QuestionDoctors you agree not to solicit these or use any information as if it were personal advice, treatment, or diagnosis. This applies both to public interactions on QuestionDoctors as well as free and Paid consultations. Whenever you want personal medical advice, treatment, or diagnosis, you should contact your physician or professional healthcare provider and see them in person. We do allow you to connect privately with physicians for consultations and second opinions \u2013 but consultations are not for physical examination, diagnosis, prescription or treatment.\nAll users must be eighteen years or older. In the case of minor Consumers (under eighteen (18) years), a parent or guardian must accept this Agreement and guide all consultations under the services offered.\nYour right to use the Services is not transferable.\nTHE SERVICES ARE NOT FOR USE IN MEDICAL EMERGENCIES OR FOR CRITICAL HEALTH SITUATIONS REQUIRING PROMPT MEDICAL ATTENTION. The service is not intended to be real-time and may not be the best solution when a face-to-face consult is a must.\nThe User takes full responsibility for ensuring that the information submitted is accurate. QuestionDoctors shall make no effort to validate any information provided by the Consumer for use in Services with respect to content, correctness or usability. We with an intention to provide the best service possible could ask you to share more information as and when needed.\nUse of QuestionDoctors Services requires basic familiarity with the Internet, related payment services and general security practices. The Consumer is expected to possess the necessary internet-usage skills and knowledge to avail QuestionDoctors Services", "title": "Terms & Conditions"}
{"text": "Question:\nI am 20 years old before 2 weeks I drink and smoke around 20 cigarettes after I masturbates also after few days I feel some pain on my testicles and lower abdomen also I don\u2019t know what is this.can u pls tell me", "title": "I feel some pain on my testicles and lower abdomen"}
{"text": "Most doctors will welcome another physician\u2019s input. Your doctor may be able to recommend a specialist. A good doctor understands your right to be well informed and should support a second opinion. You will want to obtain a copy of your medical records and test results, to share with the new doctor that you see for the second opinion.A different doctor may come up with a different diagnosis, or at least offer a different opinion as to treatment choices. Not every doctor will have the same opinion with regard to diseases and possible treatments. Factors which may have an effect on a doctor\u2019s opinion are technology available to that doctor, school of thought : Conventional, Integrative, Alternative, Naturopathic, where they were trained, individual methods of treatment and experience in dealing with that particular diagnosis.Some doctors prefer to monitor the situation and use less aggressive procedures before moving to surgical intervention. Some doctors like to use more aggressive treatment methods from the beginning. By getting a second opinion, you can expand your options about different treatment methods which may be most suitable for you and your situation. Being informed is always your best option!It never hurts to get a second opinion. Keep in mind that doctors are human and they too can make mistakes or be faced with unusual or challenging cases. When the first doctor\u2019s opinion is the same or similar to the second doctor\u2019s, your confidence will be increased. There is nothing lost by visiting one more doctor just to make sure that the first doctor\u2019s opinion is correct. With serious illnesses that may require extended treatment, you should feel confident that you have chosen the most appropriate treatment for your particular situation. A valid opinion and appropriate course of treatment is your best option for return to good health or grasping control of the chronic disease.While second opinions may be awkward for doctor and patient at times, studies have shown that 30 percent of patients, who sought second opinions for elective surgery and 18 percent of those who were required to obtain a second opinion by their insurance company, found that the two opinions were not in agreement. These studies are one more reason why you need to make sure you are educated properly to make the best decision for your health.There are many professional doctors in practice today. Family physicians provide comprehensive medical care with an emphasis on caring for all members of the family. A general surgeon is able to perform all types of surgical procedures aimed at treating a range of diseases and conditions, including cancer. Medical oncologists are specialists that use various medications to treat and manage patients with cancer. This may include the use of chemotherapy to kill cancer cells, painkillers to manage cancer pain, and drugs that will eliminate or reduce the side effects of cancer treatment. Radiation oncologists use therapeutic applications of radiation to manage cancer and other diseases. They determine the type of radiation that will be used, as well as the amount or dose, and the number and length of treatments.You may have a need for all four of these types of physicians at one time. It is beneficial to you to keep files or a journal with names and dates and copies of your medical records and procedures as your journey to wellness can be confusing and the doctors will need to know exactly what care you have previously received.There are also a number of different approaches to medicine itself : Eastern Medicine is completely different than\nWestern medicine. Preventive medicine rather than restorative. Natural vs. surgical. The road to health is different\ndepending where you live and who you consult. A different approach or opinion is often in your interest and may prove invaluable to your health.Second opinions are a way to learn about your diagnosis and choices for treatment options. Some doctors are more conservative while others tend to be more aggressive. A patient has rights and one of your most important rights is the ability to get a second opinion about your diagnosis. Being informed is critical in deciding your choice of treatment.Statistics show that over one third of adults in the United States will never seek a second opinion and almost one tenth of newly diagnosed patients rarely, or never understand their diagnosis. A second opinion means you are consulting with another doctor to confirm a diagnosis and/or find possible different treatment choices available to you. It is recommended to get a second opinion immediately to avoid delays in your treatment and recovery. Seven states currently have health laws pertaining to second opinions.At QuestionDoctors.com, we answer questions for free. A Second Opinion Priority Service is priced at $45", "title": "Get a Second Opinion From A Doctor"}
{"text": "Question:\nThighs feel burning walking short distances, very uncomfortable \u2013 had lower back cat scan not heard back yet been over1 1/2 years. Had circulatory test done on legs was ok, Had heart problem 2 years ago on various med for that what should I do next\n\nAnswer:\nThe inability to walk as far and as long as you\u2019d like to can be frustrating and even depressing. It may also be a sign your body is giving you to alert you of a health problem. Two causes of leg weakness after walking a short distance may be spinal stenosis or peripheral artery disease, especially as you age.If you can walk only a short distance before experiencing leg weakness, you could have spinal stenosis. This is a condition in which the opening that your spine passes through is narrowing, which causes compression on the nerve. If the portion of the spine that provides stimulation to your legs is affected, you may experience weakness, tingling or discomfort in your legs, particularly as you walk.You and your doctor can decide the best course of treatment for your spinal stenosis, if you are diagnosed. Physical therapy is a healthy and safe option.Peripheral artery disease may make it difficult for you to walk long distances. This condition occurs when the blood vessels that supply your leg muscles with blood and oxygen become narrowed. This makes it difficult to give your working muscles the nutrients they need, especially when you are using them, which can lead to pain and weakness of the muscle. Arteriosclerosis, or plaque buildup, causes the narrowing of your artery.Physical activity may be enough to improve your symptoms. Your body may be able to adapt by finding a way to supply your muscles with blood by routing blood flow around the occlusion. Regular activity involving working to volitional fatigue, then resting until you are ready to work again, can help improve your circulation. If your condition is beyond physical therapy, your doctor may recommend a more invasive course of action, such as surgery.If you are generally a sedentary person, your leg weakness may just be from deconditioned muscles. Regular exercise, such as 30 minutes of moderate exercise five days per week as recommended by the American College of Sports Medicine and the American Heart Association, can keep your body and muscles fit, strong and working well. However, before you start exercising, always gain medical clearance from your physician", "title": "Thighs feel burning while walking short distances"}
{"text": "Seeking online health advice is proving to be of great use to patients around the world., it\u2019s an effective means of getting professional medical advice. Here are 7 reason why online medical consultations should become an integral part of your medical need-to-do list. 1. No Location Boundaries or Limitations. Obviously one of the major advantages is the fact that you can gain online access to reputable general doctors and specialists that otherwise would not be available to you. And you can also get medical advice in places where it\u2019s not possible. Online medical consultation provide remarkable benefits to everyone, even if you are restricted at home, in rural areas, remote locations or in other settings that limit your access to conventional treatment options.2. Better than Self-Diagnosis.How many times you\u2019ve used general search engines to search symptoms of diseases or conditions? Maybe, countless times! But it is important to realize that relying on health and medical information provided by general health sites to self-diagnose your condition is dangerous and counterproductive.\nLooking at health and medical photos and studying articles using the internet can give you some ideas about your current health condition, but it will never be a substitute for consulting a doctor. Without an expert advice (and  proper diagnosis), you won\u2019t be able to identify what underlying causes are behind your condition.\nMoreover, today thousands of online sites provide information on health and medical issues. And, chances are high that the information could be scams or dodgy.3. Cost Effective.In these days of hefty medical bills, the appeal for low-cost healthcare is strong among patients. While an average doctor visit costs around $120 \u2013 $150 without insurance, online medical consultations range from $25 to $80 without insurance.4. Confidentiality. Some people seek online contact with doctors they have never met because they value the confidentiality for sensitive medical topics or conditions.5. Better than Telemedicine Services.Online doctor consultations have a slight advantage than telemedicine. You can take your time to write a detailed description of your condition. Also, you can submit your previous and current medical reports.6. 24/7 Health Support.Most online health service providers offer twenty-four-hour access to doctor consultation and the convenience of receiving care at home.7. Second Opinions. Online doctor consultations can provide patients with\nsecond opinions from doctors using a completely different approach to\nmedical problems such as Conventional, Integrative, Alternative, or Naturopathic approaches.", "title": "Seven Advantages of Online Medical Consultations"}
